You know, after that direct, I I think
I'm going to need a bigger game room.
The Nintendo Switch 2 has so many games
coming to it that I can make this video
and let you know about 70 games coming
to Nintendo Switch. All we could do a
couple months ago was speculate. But as
of that direct right there, there are 70
confirmed games coming to the Switch.
And most of them are certified bangers.
I cannot believe I'm actually going to
do a video about upcoming Switch games
and actually have somewhat of a date for
Silkong and Metroid. And both of them
are this year. We're here. We're at the
start of doing this all over again with
a new console. And I couldn't be more
excited. Like, comment, subscribe. Let's
go. Obviously, that one back there
that's playing on the screen, wow, what
good timing, is the main crowning jewel,
Mario Kart World. It's $80. I know.
Believe me, I know. Let's just keep
ignoring it, right? Like my therapist
says, bottle it up, store it up, shake
it a bit, then put it down, and never
look at it again. This is the latest
Mario Kart, and it's open world, hence
the world portion of the title. Every
track in this game is connected
seamlessly in an open world, meaning you
can drive to any of them. You can free
roam around. And when you're doing races
in the traditional fourc course races,
you don't just get teleported to the
next track. You actually have to race to
it yourself. Easily going to be the game
I sink the most time into day one. Okay,
from here. Mm- Shut those precious
little lips, Wood. I got to tell these
people about something. Mother's Day.
You get her anything yet? I know you're
panicking right now cuz you've realized,
oh my god, it's almost Mother's Day.
What am I going to do? Let me tell
you, Raycon. Yeah, that's right. It's
not just for the buff boys and girlies
to take to the gym and run on the
treadmill with because they will not
fall out of your ears no matter how much
you shake your head. It could also be
for your mom, you know, to sit back,
relax, recharge. They have active noise
cancelling now. Your mom doesn't want to
hear you whining on and on and on. She's
had enough of that for like 30 years
now. She wants some peace and quiet. She
wants Raycon. And don't worry, she's not
going to bother you for all the
Bluetooth help and tech fixes. And
again, with the charging carry case,
they have 32 hours of battery life and 8
hours of play time. And then once you
put it back into this handy little
charge case, charges it back up again
for even more. And if they do die, don't
worry. There's a quick charge function.
In just 10 minutes, they'll charge 90
minutes of play time. You know how
actual handy that is? When I get to the
gym and I realize mine are dead, I just
slap them on charge for 10 minutes and
then they get me through the whole rest
of the workout. That's insane. Best part
is you won't break the bank. These
premium earbuds start at just half the
price of other premium earbuds in the
marketplace. And they come in a wide
range of fun colors. I got black, I got
blue, I got these Galaxy cases and
stonew wash to add personality and
pizzazz. Well, let's say you buy these
for your old mommy and she's like, "Ah,
I don't want them. She won't." But
imagine she does. Well, then you can
have them. But if you already have a
pair, there's a 30-day money back
guarantee, baby. So, no matter what,
you're perfectly fine. They even got
wireless charging and they're
weatherproof. Look, I know you already
sold, so go to
buyracon.com/feedomops to get 20% off
sitewide. All jokes aside, not that I've
been joking, I really do like my
Raycons. I've been using them for the
last 5 years that I've been working with
Raycon. I keep one pair in my car and
one at home so that I always have them
when I go to the gym or when I go for a
walk. And this is by far the best one.
The active noise cancelling makes it so
much better at the gym. I hate gym
music. All right, I'm going to get you
back to the video, but I want to tell
you a little secret about it. Watch out.
In 2 minutes and 49 seconds from now,
something crazy happens on the bottom
left corner of the screen. You won't
believe it. All right. Okay. From here,
we're going to go just alphabetically to
make this easier. Arcade Archives 2:
Ridgger. It's a classic PlayStation
racing game. Ridgger. It returns on the
Switch 2, fully restored from its
original 1993 launch. Then we have
Bravely Default Flying Fairy HD
Remaster, which is a remaster of the
first Bravely Default that a lot of
people say is the best one, and it's
really the only one I've ever enjoyed.
This remaster is only $40, but it is one
of the weird Game Key C game things for
physical where the actual cartridge
doesn't have the game on it, and it just
proxies a download. So, weigh that into
the equation, I guess, when you go to
buy it. Then, we have Civ 7. This is a
$60 game. It's an RTS, a real-time
strategy game. Civilization 6 is already
on Switch, and notoriously it runs
pretty sloppy to say the least. So, Civ
7 utilizing the full power of the Switch
is cool. And also, the mouse mode. I
made a video about this, but there are a
lot of games that could utilize the
mouse mode if they came to the Switch,
and Civ 7 is doing just that. Cyberpunk
2077 Ultimate Edition. I have a
storyried history with this game. I was
very much anticipating it for the 13
years of development that it had and
then it was not the game I wanted. I
realized the developers did lie about a
lot and I made a video about that that
accidentally did pretty well for me at
the time. And people have always said I
need to replay it because it tried to
fix a lot of my issues and it added a
lot of DLC and extra content. And this
version has it all. That's actually
really impressive as well because even
the PlayStation 4 version didn't have
the extra DLC that got released because
it couldn't handle it, which is the
first in this video, but one of many
signs that the Switch 2 could actually
be and most likely is more powerful than
a PlayStation 4. Delta Rune brought to
you by Toby Fox, the creator of
Undertale. I don't really know what the
whole story is here, but Delta Rune has
been released in multiple chapters. And
now it was revealed at that Switch 2
direct that more chapters or the rest of
the chapters or something are coming to
Switch on launch day for the Switch,
which is huge for Delta Rune fans. I
still haven't played it because I don't
like playing things in chapters. I like
when it's all out. So, I'll finally get
to play it. For you guys that have been
around since the Switch One launch, a
lot of things on this list are going to
be kind of funny how it's just history
repeating itself. And this is the first
one, Fast Fusion. Fast Fusion is a
sequel to Fast RMX. And yeah, that was a
Switch launch title. In fact, at the
time it was specifically called because
it was the first 1080p 60 frames game on
the Switch. So to get the sequel day one
on Switch 2, yeah, it just feels like
full circle. And I wonder if they're
going to push it and be the first game
to do like 4K 120 frames on the Switch.
That would be cool. Then just
Fortnite. That's literally a launch
title for Switch. Fortnite. I don't I
don't really know how that's a launch
title cuz it's already on Switch. So you
would think, yeah, it's backwards
compatible live service. You would just
keep playing. But no, it's actually
being toted as a launch title. So I
wonder if it's a Switch 2 edition or if
we're going to get anything for I don't
know why it's a technically a launch
title, but it is. Hitman World of
Assassination. This is the signature
edition. I don't really know what this
has over any other editions or how it's
different to Hitman 3, but if you
haven't played a Hitman game, this is
definitely a new port to the Switch
family of systems that probably couldn't
have ran on the Switch One. They're very
stealth focused video games that don't
take themselves too seriously. They're
quite goofy and wacky and quite
hilarious to play actually. Hogwarts
Legacy. I know there's a lot of
controversy around this title and the
whole Harry Potter IP, but this is one I
had my eye on for a direct comparison
between Switch One and Switch 2. It's
one of the newer, more ambitious, very
ambitious ports to Switch One, and it
just didn't look great and did not run
very well and had very long load times.
We already have people doing comparisons
online between the new Switch 2 trailer
and the old game, and it's night and day
difference. I even got to play the new
game at that Switch 2 experience. And I
just remember when I got to that open
world shot and I could see all the trees
out into the distance, I was pretty
blown away still that this is happening
on a Nintendo console. It's worth noting
that the Switch 2 isn't out yet. A lot
of places like Digital Foundry are doing
breakdowns and comparing the two
visually to see how much power they
think the Switch 2 has, and that's what
they're good at, so I do trust them. But
at the same time, it's all bitcompressed
YouTube videos. is there's no real way
of knowing what this console can do
until we have this console. And if you
ask me, some of the comparisons we'll
see coming up in this video, I honestly
think it can do a lot more than what
people realize. In fact, some other
great examples of that that are
launching day one on Switch would be
Yakuza Zero and Street Fighter 6. Both
of these games sideby-side comparisons
with PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
It's pretty clear to see that the Switch
2 version is more on par with the
PlayStation 5 version and looks almost
identical in the case of Yakuza from
PlayStation 5 to Nintendo Switch 2.
Next, we have Konitsu Gami: Path of
Goddess. This is an action samurai game
that was released last July to positive
reviews. It's from Capcom. It has really
cool visuals. I was excited for this and
then it just came out and I forgot. Then
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
and Tears of the Kingdom enhanced
editions. Oh. Oh, they're so good and
they have so much comfort controversy
around them. We learned today that
Breath of the Wild doesn't include the
DLC. You will either have to still buy
those separately or if you've already
bought them, it would be included, I
believe, is what I heard. And the
enhanced editions, you do have to pay
$10 more for them, but you don't have to
if you're a paying subscription member.
There's a lot of confusing things that
we're just going to have to wait and see
when this console releases. Then because
you don't have to pay for it, Nintendo
Switch 2 Welcome Tour is technically a
day one purchasable game if you're
looking to blow $10 on an instruction
manual. I'm being very positive in this
video. I'm trying to keep my head above
the water here, but this one is it still
stings a little bit. If you don't know,
it's a glorified instruction manual on
how the Nintendo Switch 2 works and what
gimmicks it has. And there's some mini
games baked into it. And if you're
thinking to yourself, "Wow, that sounds
like it should come with the console."
Yeah, we're also getting Nabonga's
Ambition Awakening Complete Edition.
This is a 2022 remake of a 1983 Genesis
turnbased strategy game. And at first, I
was like, that's random. But then I
realized, oh, it's another game that can
use the mouse. I wonder how many of
these games have been waiting to come to
Switch until there was a way to play it.
Remember Poo Poo Tetris? Well, the
second one is a day one release with the
Switch 2, and it's got an S in it. And
as far as I can tell, it's just Poo Poo
Tetris 2, and the S must mean Switch.
This game is already released, so I
don't know what they're adding in for
this Switch version. Rune Factory:
Guardians of Azuma. The Rune Factory
games have a cherished cult following of
fans. And I think this game, unless I'm
getting it confused, is kind of a
reimagining of the Rune Factory series.
They've kind of gone back to the drawing
board and they're trying something
different. And it actually releases at
the end of May, but they're also going
to release it on Switch 2 on day one.
And apparently for people that didn't
know that was happening, and they
already pre-ordered it on Switch on
Switch One, they can just upgrade
apparently. Then we have Shine Post, Be
an Idol, Your Idol. I think this is a
Japan release. It was just in the
Wikipedia list. I don't know. Split
Fiction. This is one of the most
recently released current gen games
launching on the Switch 2. I played it
recently with Kim on my PlayStation 5.
And while taking the trailer and putting
it side by side, it is clear the
PlayStation 5 version looks nicer, it
still looks very nice on the Switch. And
without the direct comparison, you'd
really have to have no complaints. And
it's great to see an example of a
current generation game just up and
running on the Switch, no issue. A
really good sign for a lot of things to
come. Survival Kids. This game gives
grounded and Animal Crossing to me. It
has fishing, cooking, crafting, puzzles,
a cute art style, and then you can't
forget the GameCube games. On launch
day, we're getting F-ZeroGX, Soulcalibur
2, and then shockingly Wind Waker
finally dropped on the console. It's the
original Gamecube version, not the HD
remaster. And then they also teased
ChibiRobo, Pokemon Colosseum, Super
Mario Strikers, Pokemon XD Gayla
Darkness, Fire Emblem, Path of Radiance,
and Mario Sunshine. And also worth
noting, where possible to add in online
multiplayer, they do. So Soulcalibur 2
and F-ZeroGX are both multiplayer games
you can play online, which still blows
my mind. That is our launch lineup of
games, and I truly think we're going to
be very busy those first couple of
weeks. There's going to be so much to do
and play. Okay, moving on from there, we
have a bunch of games that are releasing
in the coming months that actually have
release dates right now. Starting with
Ryu Remastered, the mystery of the
soulless army. This is a remaster of a
2006 Atlas game that is part of the
Magami Tensai series. So, it's not
Shimagami Tensai, it's not Persona, but
it's in that family and it's the Atlas
game that we got. It's not Metaphor that
we wanted, but it's the one that we got
and it does look interesting. Then, just
a few weeks after this console launches,
we're getting Tamagotchi Plaza.
Specifically, we're getting the Switch 2
edition. I mean, you can also get it on
Switch One. This is a cross release on
both of these consoles. Then moving into
July, we have Tony Hawk Pros Skater 3
and 4. The gameplay of this online looks
crazy. Really clean visuals and then
what looks to be a pretty high frame
rate. Then just over a month after
launch, we're getting Donkey Kong
Bonanza. I played Donkey Kong Bonanza
for about 20 minutes at that Switch 2
event and I had so much fun. The moment
where I realized how cool this game is
is when the guy that was helping me play
it told me that it's essentially a 4D
sandbox. Every level is almost
completely destructible and you can go
through it, you can go under it. There's
secrets hidden everywhere in the levels.
And it's so weirdly therapeutic to just
start smashing and and mulching your way
through the environment. Then Shadow
Labyrinth on July 18th, just a day after
Donkey Kong. If you're looking for
something different, this is a Pac-Man
game, if you can believe it. This is
like a dark and brooding Metroid vania
where you play as a guy with a sword and
your sidekick is Pac-Man. Something else
I realized today is that Super Mario
Party Jamberee Plus Jamberee TV isn't
coming out until this part of the video,
which is July 24th. This surprised me
because I thought for sure this would be
a launch game. It's extra DLC for Mario
Party Jamberee, a game that's already
out. And this DLC uses the camera. I
thought that would be the whole camera
game on launch day would be Mario Party
Jamberee. So, I don't know what Nintendo
think we're going to do with that camera
for the first 2 months. I just thought
this would be a launch game. Then, No
Sleep for Konami. Date from AI, the
Sominium Files. Very short title for
that one. That's July 25th. And I think
it's a graphic adventure style novel
game. And I also don't think we've seen
Switch 2 gameplay yet. I missed that we
were getting Wild Hearts S coming to the
Switch. And I think it's because it was
in that sizzle reel of games in the
Switch 2 direct and it was literally
this long. You blink and you miss it.
This is a 2023 action role playing game
where you hunt massive monsters. It kind
of reminds me of Monster Hunter. The
gameplay posted online for Switch 2. I
don't know what's happening here. I
don't know if this is official. It looks
a little bit rough, I got to be honest.
But the little bit in the direct didn't
look that bad. So, we're going to have
to wait and see. Story of Seasons: Grand
Bazaar. This game is a remake of Harvest
Moon from the DS, which received kind of
average reviews back in the day, but
maybe they can do something about that
now with this remake to make it a little
bit better. One of my favorite Switch
One games is getting an enhanced
edition, Kirby and the Forgotten Land,
and it also includes new DLC, a whole
new mission called Starcross World. Just
like Jamberee, this is another kind of
confusing one where it's the switch to
enhance version which cost $10 more to
get the 4K 60 fully enhanced of it all
and then another $10 to get the extra
mission, the starcross worlds. And I
believe, if you're asking me right now,
can I buy them separately if I don't
want the DLC or I don't want the 4K? Can
I get one or the other? And I think the
answer is no. I think it's $20 more
total for both of these and you just got
to get the whole thing. Damon X Marketer
Titanic Scion. I didn't like the first
Damon X Mark and I. It was very nothing
for me. I know some people liked it. Had
a little cult following. So, I was very
surprised to see a sequel to this game
that was before only on Switch 2 and PC.
This new one looks awesome. It looks
like the old one, but souped up,
fast-paced, action, mech battles. It
looks way more ambitious and way better
quality than last time. I'm actually
interested now. So, that's a lot of
games with dates that we're getting this
year. We're already up to like 40 games
that we know about with dates coming in
2025. But what if I told you there's
even more coming in 2025? Some of the
biggest announced titles are in this
section of the video. Starting with
Borderlands 4. And if they're really
utilizing the hardware, we might be able
to get this game running at 60 frames
pretty easily. And of course, it's
another game that would be great to use
the mouse with. Then Dragon Drive is set
for summer. This is the game you
probably saw in the direct, you know,
the very ugly looking game that actually
looks really unique and interesting at
its core gameplay. I saw a bunch of
people playing this one at that Switch 2
event and they seem to be having a lot
of fun. I think this is one of those
games that's going to be really fun to
play, but no one's going to give it a
chance. Oh, then a big one. Elder Ring
Tarnished Edition. The Breath of the
Wild inspired Dark Souls game Elder Ring
is not a launch day title, but it is
coming to the console sometime in 2025.
Even just looking at the PlayStation 5
version, there are some screenshots
where I fully believe you ask most
people to tell them apart without
looking at them side by side, they
wouldn't be able to. I am very impressed
by the way this port looks. First
Squadron Phoenix. Never heard of this
until I was putting together the video.
It's like an indie take on Star Fox.
More people should know about this.
Another indie game, Goodn Night
Universe. You play as a baby discovering
that they have psychic powers. I think
this game is kind of like The Walking
Dead Tailtale games. Hades 2 is not only
launching on the console, but it it's
going to be a console exclusive. Hades 1
did very well on Switch One, so this
just makes a lot of sense.
Unbelievably, not even the one last
thing in this video because I'm going
alphabetically, but Hollow Night Silk
Song is this year. It is this year and
it was in that sizzle reel. It was so
random. It was just for a split second.
I don't know if Nintendo realized how
excited we are for this game. Kept that
game so quiet and so secret for like 3
years to be in a sizzle
reel. Very excited. Then in winter at
some point, we're getting a brand new
Zelda game. Hyro Warriors: Age of
Imprisonment. This is just like Age of
Calamity, which was a prequel to Breath
of the Wild, except this one is a
prequel to Tears of the Kingdom, and
it's set in the Dynasty Warriors realm
of games where there's just hundreds of
enemies on the screen, and you have
loads of different characters that you
can play as, and just hack and slash all
over these hordes of enemies. It's
insanely satisfying gameplay, really
fun. For the first time in 20 years,
we're getting a new Kirby Air Riders
game. to the disappointment of Smash
fans everywhere. And if I can just pull
the brake on you for a second, anyone
that might be disappointed, this man has
bent over backwards for us for decades
making Smash Brothers games. Doesn't he
deserve just a minute to make a Kirby
game that he likes? EMU is making a new
old school beat him up game using Marvel
characters, Cosmic Invasion. Remember,
we are going alphabetically and still
even doing that, we're getting banger
after banger. And next is Metroid Prime
4. I'm not even saving it to the end of
the video. This game docked. You could
either get 4K 60 or
1080p 120 frames. And even in handheld,
you could still get some pretty good
specs. Like, this is crazy. I played
this at the Switch 2 event. I keep
saying that. in mouse mode and it felt
insane to play a Nintendo exclusive game
in frames this high. Also, just with a
mouse. Like, it honestly felt really
wrong. Like, in the best way, it felt
really wrong. I grew up on Metroid Prime
1 on Gamecube. And this Metroid Prime 4,
it actually looks like a return to the
roots of Metroid. I think it's been so
long that I think the series kind of
needed a restart more than a reboot. So,
I think going back to that first style
of Metroid Prime is a great idea. Mouse
work. I I don't know what this is, but
it's a game clearly that is here because
it wants to use the mouse features.
Pokémon ZNA Nintendo Switch 2 Edition. I
don't want to talk about the Windows.
That is not a conversation that I'm
having right now. All I'll say is the
new gameplay does look a lot more
smooth. This Switch 2 version does have
me more excited to play the game. It's
similar to Cyberpunk. If you had asked
me a couple months ago if I'd want to
play that again, I ah probably not. But
I'm somewhat excited to play it now just
because I get to play it on the Switch
2. Professor Leighton and the New World
of Steam. And this game was announced
for Switch forever ago. I've never
played one and now I guess it's just
moving over to the Switch 2. Reanimal.
When I was looking at the gameplay of
this one, I thought this looks like
Little Nightmares. And then I realized
it's made by the guy who made Little
Nightmares. So that checks out. Sonic X
Shadow Generation. Just the game has
been announced for Switch 2 coming this
year. I don't know what that means, but
it's that game again. Star Wars Outlaws.
This one was really breezed past in the
Switch 2 direct and nobody has talked
about it, which makes sense because this
game released fairly recently and was
not received very well. So, it makes
sense that people just didn't really
even pay attention to it. But, if we can
look at that trailer and the three
different shots that we got, can we at
least acknowledge that this looks
phenomenal? I played this game once
already. I tried it and I also didn't
like it, but it's kind of the perfect
just to play in handheld game when
you're watching TV and doing something
else and then just mindlessly grinding
away on some missions. It might actually
find some new life on this system. I
will be picking it up here. Like I this
is how I want to try and play it.
Twooint Museum. If you've heard of
Twooint Campus or Hospital, you probably
know what to expect here. And of course,
it's another game that can utilize that
new mouse mode. Witchbrook. It's the
fourth Chucklefish developed game. Their
games are known for having beautiful
pixel artwork. This is a spellbinding
life sim for up to four players where
you make friends, find love, and
discover a whole new world filled with
wonder and charm. An early Switch One
game I really enjoyed was Ye 8. And Ye X
Proud Nordics, which is a significantly
upgraded version of the base game
released in 2023, is set to come out
this year. And then Ukulele Replay. If
you remember Ukulele being a spiritual
successor sequel inspired by kind of
game as Banjo Kazouie made by the same
creators, it's getting a remaster and
that's what this is and it's set for
Switch sometime this year. Also, fun
fact and something that I'll forget
later. So, when we rewatch this in 10
years, I remember this was one of the
first games to get announced for the
Switch 2. Like months ago, they were
like, "Yeah, we're going to put it on
Switch 2." I don't know if they were
supposed to say that, but they did.
There's even some already announced for
2026, including one of the biggest
games. These ones are Enter the Dungeon
2. Enter the Dungeon was one of the
first roglike indie games on Switch One
that completely had me addicted. Imagine
Hades, but just with every kind of gun.
Wacky, over-the-top, ridiculous
abilities, and things to shoot with.
There's a game called Star Seeker:
Astronineir Expeditions. It's a
follow-up to 2019's Astronineir Star
Seeker, and it allow you to explore
uncharted world in space with friends
with the entire player base working
together a common goal throughout the
galaxy all at once. Oh, that actually
sounds interesting. Never heard of it.
Kind of sounds like Hell Divers in a
way. I wonder if Hell Divers will come
to Switch, too. I feel like it will. And
yeah, arguably a lot of people's most
anticipated game from the console and
really cool to see FromSoft making an
exclusive game for the Switch to Dusk
Bloods. Fromoft, of course, the people
that made Elder Ring, the Dark Souls
games, and Bloodborne. And a lot of
people think that this new Dust Bloods
game looks very similar in vibe to
Bloodborne. Except this game, I found
out while making this video, is a little
weird. It's a
PVP game, player versus playerverse
environment, it's focusing on the online
multiplayer of it all. And while Fromoft
are stressing right now, apparently
publicly, that they are not leaning
towards these online experiences. And
there are still a company focused on
these single solo player adventures.
This is the second kind of game like
that we've seen from them. Now, they
there's a Elder Ring DLC coming that's
PVPVE also, I believe. So, it's
something they're experimenting with. I
hope that this Dusk Bloods game has some
sort of solo progression. I would love
for it to be something I can play on my
own and grind out like a Souls game. But
either way, I'm really looking forward
to it. And if it's not like that, I
mean, we are also getting Elder Ring, so
Oh, so many games. My back is starting
to hurt. Where do we go from here? To be
announced, there are even more games.
This is actually really unbelievable.
I've been recording for an hour. We're
at Donkey Kong on the Direct. The direct
is about to end. Starting with one of
the coolest ones, I think, Final Fantasy
7 remake, reintegrate the the special
DLC version of this game. Zack, my
editor, bring up the comparison.
PlayStation 5, Nintendo Switch 2. I
think this is the best representation
and case of these two consoles just
being on par. To the naked eye, and to
most people, the Switch 2 version looks
pretty good. Oh, this is the part of the
direct where they didn't tell us what
the price was. Oh man, I don't want to
get negative right now, but that part
sucked. I'm going to run this back if
that's okay with you guys just for the
last little bit here. Really shows you
how long it takes me to record these
videos. Huh. Bestio, which is a
turn-based combat RPG based on Spanish
mythology and folklore. It's an indie
game, but it's inspired by Persona. Then
another game that for me feels like
we're kind of reliving that first year
of the Switch, Human Faux Flat 2. You
play as like a little wacky guy that you
can barely control his body and you're
expected to platform around the world.
You can play it with friends, too, and
you can mess each other up or try to
help each other. It's really a good
time. My Time at Evershine. It's a
farming life sim RPG similar to Stardew
Valley. It even had a sequel a couple
years ago, My Time at Sandrock. And now
we're getting another one for Switch 2
in the launch window, My Time at
Evershine. These are more cult classic
loved games. and they always get
supported and backed heavily on
Kickstarter, which is how they keep
making them so quickly. Here's one I'm
weirdly excited for. Power Wash
Simulator 2. I know what it sounds like
if you haven't actually played it, but
Powerwash Simulator is actually a
quality title because one, it's
strangely fun and therapeutic to just
blast away at dirt. Two, I played it the
first time on a plane because I knew I'd
be anxious, and it legitimately calmed
me down. This game is actually really
good. And there's a sequel announced and
it's coming to Switch, too, which is
great because I don't think the first
one was ever on Switch. There are so
many games that were announced in that
Switch to Direct that I keep forgetting
that they were announced cuz there was
so much to keep track of. We're getting
a new 007 game. And this is one that
just went by so quickly. Made by IO
Interactive, the same people that make
the Hitman games. And this is a brand
new 007 game with a brand new Bond
telling his brand new origin story.
Something we haven't seen before. I
always enjoyed a 007 game growing up and
I would ask for them for birthdays and
Christmases even though I never watched
the movies. I just enjoyed the game and
playing as a spy. For confirmed games, I
probably should have ended on that one,
but last minute I threw on the list the
EA Sports games, Madden NFL and EA
Sports FC and then the NBA 2K and the
WWE 2K. That's going to be a redemption
arc hopefully for WWE. Notoriously the
worst Switch One port. This one is so
bad they ended up having to pull it from
the eShop and they just didn't do
anymore. So yeah, hopefully the next WWE
2K game on a Switch isn't like that.
There are some rumored games coming to
the console if you want to humor me for
a second and play around with those. So
this is a GameSpot article that I was
double-checking to make sure I didn't
miss anything. And at the bottom they
have a bunch of rumored games and each
one sources Nate the hate and Nate has
been predicting some crazy things crazy
accurate lately. So if he's rumoring
these I'm very inclined to believe them.
The first one is Assassin's Creed Mirage
then also Assassin's Creed Shadows. I
would be more willing to believe
Assassin's Creed Valhalla or one of the
earlier games, not the recent Shadows,
considering certain parts of that game
on my PlayStation 5 Pro feel like
they're chugging at 30 frames. And
visually, it is gorgeous. If this does
come to the system, I'm worried that
it's going to look pretty rough and
maybe make people think that the console
isn't all that when really that is just
a very ambitious port. Final Fantasy 7
Rebirth, even I hinted at that in this
video. That one seems pretty obvious.
Microsoft Flight Simulator and Xbox's
Master Chief Collection. Okay, Master
Chief Collection. I've heard that rumor
a lot and getting all those Halo games
on the console. I do actually believe
that will happen. That sounds sick. And
I've heard a lot of rumblings about
that. The Flight Simulator is
surprising. I don't know why. Oh, wait.
Imagine playing that with Gyro. See, now
we're just goofing and gaffing, but that
sounds awesome. Hi-fi Rush. That one's
been rumored for a while and it's a
great game. Sea of Thieves. Playing Sea
of Thieves handheld. Oh, and it has it
has a microphone now, so you can
actually chat while you're playing. That
one makes a lot of sense, actually.
Mario and Rabbids. Well, yeah. A new 3D
Mario game. That one's pretty obvious.
Metal Gear Solid Delta Snake Eater, the
remake of Snake Eater. Rainbow Six
Siege: The Division. Wait, that one they
just made up. Well, then why are you
saying this? Starfield's also rumored.
Fallout 4 is also rumored via Insider
Gaming. And Diablo 4. Okay, these were
rumored by someone else. everything up
until these little rumors of what I'm
counting as upcoming games. These aren't
even adding to the total whatever number
I put in the title. Also, games like
Fallout 4, those are so easy at this
point to do 4K 60 on this hardware. I
wouldn't even be surprised if you could
squeeze a 4K 120 frames. All right, it's
pretty clear I'm excited, but if I don't
shut up, my editor is going to not be
happy with me. If I did somehow miss
something, which is very possible, but I
tried really hard not to, leave that
down below. If you're watching this in
the future for some reason, if you're if
you've come back to the past, let me
know which of these games ended up being
really sick and which ones were terrible
ports. Of course, you'll get more videos
from me about the Switch 2 pretty soon.
Okay, bye.