Hello world. My name is Danominator
and I do not feel like rolling an intro
today.
Okay. Well, maybe like the first two
seconds of it and the disclaimer because
intro is still under construction. I'm
Okay. And the category of the video.
That's also important. But then we
really got to So,
has anyone else been feeling a little
apathetic as of late? I I mean, like,
not in general. I I'm fine, but um as as
far as uh some certain news going
around, uh I feel like I am not the only
person you could walk up to just going
up and down the street, ask them how
they feel about the announcement of a
certain new Nintendo console, and uh the
response could easily
be an
overwhelming uh I don't know how to
start videos like this because I feel
like with this string of videos I have
made recently, I have essentially
cemented
myself as well uh not a Nintendo super
fan if you get me. I don't even know if
I'd call myself a Nintendo fan anymore
and certainly not a Nintendo purist. Um
uh what do they call people like
me? Nintendo
critics. And I cannot believe I'm saying
this, but if anybody were to label me as
such in this day and age, I'd probably
agree with them. I've told this story
quite a few times. I've grown up with a
DS in my hand. Absolutely loved the
thing. Didn't know anything about
companies and corporations, investors,
uh, shareholders, and all these
corporate terms that make so many things
extremely unfun. because at the end of
the day, gaming is indeed a business and
I am in recognition of that. But
[Music]
um oh boy, uh I sure do know what all
those terms are now and they have made
everything extremely unfun. As you have
seen by the title of this video, I have
some opinions. As a matter of fact, when
it comes to the Nintendo Switch 2, I put
a list together. Yeah, that is how
serious this has gotten. I practically
wrote a miniature script. And if you
know how bad I am at writing scripts,
you know this is serious. The apocalypse
is sure to follow. Before I start all of
this off, I would like to address, yes,
this is technically a follow-up to my
video that I made basically 6 months
ago, which is uh kind of insane to think
about, where I talked about being done
buying video game consoles. Uh a video a
lot of you actually saw and the comments
were kind of validating. Not going to
lie, I really enjoyed reading
everybody's stories and opinions, even
the differing ones. It was a really good
read and that is one of the things I
love about discussion. So, I do ask that
when it comes to the comments of this
video as well. I know that there's a lot
of stuff floating around, a lot of news
coming out day by day by day. I've given
it a few weeks just to let everything
kind of come out as it does. Uh, and
some of it has settled, but a lot of
it's still up in the air. So, some of
the things I'm going to talk about today
are
speculation. Please, please be nice. And
also, before we move forward, I will say
that I'm not a political person. I will
not be addressing anything like that
because at the end of the day, this is
not primarily a political situation. I
know it is a big thing out there right
now, but today we're talking about the
video game company Nintendo. That is
what this channel centers on is gaming.
And so, I think it's important to make
that distinction before I go forward.
So, who's ready to whine a bit? I would
like to preface everything I'm about to
say by again mentioning this video that
I made about six months ago. Gosh, I am
getting old. That is terrifying. But
anyway, again, I do appreciate a lot of
you seeing that video and your responses
because a lot of those I feel gave me
the sense that I am not alone in the
world as far as feeling very
uncomfortable with the state of video
games and their corporations as of right
now and just kind of wanting to distance
myself away from all of it. And in that
video, I made a pretty bold claim saying
that Nintendo's announcement of the
Switch successor could basically be the
determining factor on whether or not I
buy another video game
console ever, or at least for the
foreseeable future. And so, to answer
those people who might be wondering if I
have an updated answer to that
question, the answer is
yes and no. I'm making a copout. I know,
but trust me, it'll make a lot more
sense in a little bit. So, the first
thing that I want to talk about is the
entire buildup to this thing. I think
one of the reasons that I'm feeling so
apathetic as of late when it comes to
game news is, especially with Nintendo,
stuff has been leaking left and right.
And this happens every time one of their
new consoles comes out, right? There's a
big hype cycle and uh people are making
their own predictions and there's leaks
going around. Some of them are real,
some of them are not. And it I know that
this is part of like the content creator
grind, but it gets exhausting. I had to
unsubscribe from a few YouTube channels
during this period because I just got
tired of all the speculation. I mean,
yes, it is exciting, don't get me wrong.
But after about half a year of just
switch to speculation videos, I was
done. I could not take any more of it. I
get being excited for a new console and
it's fun to imagine what it could be
like, but I've gotten to the point where
my expectations are pretty tampered so
that whenever something actually comes
out, it's like, "Oh, wow. That's the
things they're doing." Instead of being
like, "A man, they didn't hit my list of
my favorite game series returning and uh
they didn't meet that one feature
requirement that I had." You know, stuff
like that. So, eventually, I just kind
of didn't care. It really does feel like
Nintendo just said, "Okay, fine. you you
know most of the stuff about the Switch
2 anyway. We're going to show you all of
it. Great. Maybe it was always their
plan to uh release the information about
the Switch 2 the way they did, but when
they first showed off the console, that
initial
trailer did not help
things at all.
I feel like that initial first look was
kind of the worst way they could
possibly reveal this console. Like,
don't get me wrong, I knew that they
were planning on uh having an actual
direct for the thing and they had to
release something, but man, just the the
animation and the it almost felt like
royaltyfree stock music in the
background doing like little blips and
bloops and stuff like that. It kind of
reminded me of like an Apple commercial,
you know, where they're they're showing,
"Ooh, we slimmed down the iPad. Ooh,
we've added another camera to the back.
Oo, what's the next surprise going to
be? Slow down, guys. We can't take this
much hype." And at the end of this
advertisement, which it basically what
it is, it's another
switch. That's it. I'm not missing
anything, right? This teaser was very
corporate in my opinion. It did not
change anybody's opinions on the
console. We had already seen what the
console looked like by various leakers.
Even people who were making cases for
the thing were showing it off and it's
like oops. Hm. Maybe we revealed that a
couple days early. I I think it was
Genki or another company. They showed
off like an actual shell for the Switch
2 and then we're all like, "Oh, huh."
So, the leaks were right and it just
does look like that. So again, uh I have
to say that Nintendo could have handled
this all a lot better. And I know some
things can't be helped. You're going to
have inside people messing around and
stuff, but the hype cycle for me has
been over for a long time. And this
teaser did not help. But honestly, even
more surprising than that is what we got
afterwards. A Switch One Direct a few
days before the Switch 2 Direct. And I'd
like to remind you all that this
happened right before April 1st. So,
like there was already a lot of fooling
around with like fake Switch leaks and
April Fool's jokes, but gosh, there's
just so much happening over the span of
a few days. April has been one of the
weirdest months in terms of like video
game news pretty much ever. But I I'm
going to be honest with you, I liked the
Switch One Direct a lot actually. A lot
of series returning. We're getting
another uh Mitomo.
Wait, did I just say we're getting
another
Mitomo? Is it
Mitomo? Me Tomodachi Life. Why? Why was
I saying Mitomo? Oh my gosh, I really
liked the Switch One Direct. Uh there
was a lot of great stuff in there. Um,
it it was very comforting to know that
Nintendo was not just releasing a bunch
of ports onto the Switch One and making
that their whole thing with this Direct
because that is how the 3DS ended
things. It it did feel kind of like
going out with a whimper, but you have
to remember Nintendo's going to be
selling the Switch One and Switch 2
simultaneously for a while. And I'd like
to think that like if they end the
production of any Switch, it's going to
be the first regular one, right? and
then they're going to keep the OLED and
maybe the Switch uh light going for a
little while. But what I'm trying to say
is we've got a while until the Switch
One quote unquote dies. So, it was
really good to see some familiar faces
returning in this direct. We've got a
new rhythm heaven. We've got a new
Tomodachi Life. Some really solid stuff
in this direct actually. And most of the
games look like they're running great.
So, I think that's an important factor
to remember cuz a lot of us who were
concerned about even wanting to buy this
new console were kind of waiting with
beta breath like, "All right, is this
the hammer and the nail for Switch One
and then we got the Direct and that to
be honest kind of settled all my fears.
Everything there looks great. I'm really
happy that there's more games coming to
the thing and they all look solid." And
then we got to it. The April 2nd
Nintendo Switch to Direct. an entire
hour packed with so much stuff that the
internet basically went on fire.
Everything was such a big deal that day.
There was so much celebration, so many
crazy theories being either confirmed or
denied. There's just so much to unpack
with this Direct. But the one thing I
want to say is that the console looks
good. As you just saw, Nintendo Switch 2
isn't simply an improved Nintendo
Switch. Yes, it is. But that's not
necessarily a bad thing. Okay. Yes, it
is another Switch, but it does look
good. It is slightly bigger. It still
has the nice bezels, so if you hold it
like a tablet, it's not going to you're
not going to be accidentally touching
the screens, which is something that I
get on phone companies for. The Joy-Cons
look the the JoyCons look the games look
phenomenal. Uh, we got Mario Kart World,
we got new Kirby Air Ride, we got a
whole bunch of partner showcases and a
brand new Donkey Kong 3D platformer.
Man, that was the winner for me. I was
so excited when I saw that. And it's
pretty much all but confirmed that it's
made by the Mario Odyssey team. And it
looks great. There's just so much
excitement surrounding the return of
Donkey Kong as a franchise because he's
kind of been floundering for a little
while. Mario Kart World is going to be
the big Switch 2 launch title and
they're even selling a bundle right off
the bat with it. Not waiting to do a
bundle until later. That's great. The
Switch 2 needed this launch lineup. I
really, really enjoy seeing all of these
games getting incorporated into the
Switch 2 because it shows that Nintendo
does have faith in the console. They
wanted to have a decent exclusive
library when it launches. That's
important. I know that it can kind of
suck when it's like, "Oh, I have to buy
the new console to buy the new game."
But that that is business, right? That
needs to happen for people to want this
thing. But, um, don't worry. I I know
the I know the point you're thinking
about and we will come back to it. The
Switch 2 Direct as a whole was pretty
good. I feel like it was structured a
little funny. uh mostly because it
launched with Mario Kart and then they
went into more information about Mario
Kart. And then instead of going over the
specs of the console, they immediately
went into the big new feature of this
thing. It's
Discord. It's just Discord. This might
have added to the apathy to be honest
because when I learned what this button
was actually supposed to do with people
suggesting things like, "Ooh, the C
button means uh console or capture or
cast. you can use your Switch One as a
touchcreen and your Switch 2 up on the
TV and it's going to be like another Wii
U and a 3DS. And I'm thinking guys,
no. So, when it was revealed that that's
actually what it's going to be is just
chat,
[Music]
uh, sure, I don't really care about
this. And a lot of other people kind of
feel the same way, but it's it's nice
that it's there and it isn't technically
harming anybody by being there
physically. We'll talk about financially
in a little bit. Oh my gosh, I'm I'm
really trying to avoid bringing it up
yet, guys. It'll come back in a minute.
The next thing that they talked about
were the actual specs of the Switch 2.
And call me
surprised because I'm surprised. It is
so unnatural to hear Nintendo using the
words 4K 120 fps. Man, this doesn't
sound like Nintendo at all. And I think
that is important to remember when
talking about the Switch 2. This is a
big transition for the company. If you
think about it, the entire direct was
held by three new guys. Basically, there
was no Reggie Fizz. He's been gone for a
long time. There's no Shagar Miiamoto,
no Doug Bowser. This whole thing was
held by the main guys, the main Switch 2
guys. I guess we're going to be seeing a
lot more of them in the future. And it
was cool. It really was. But I feel like
that is important to remember. We're
heading into a new era of Nintendo that
we're not necessarily used to. And I
think that is why we're seeing things
like this. Like Nintendo is talking
about
4K, as in the screen
quality. They've never done this before.
It's super weird. The new Switch is a
little bigger, but it doesn't look
especially uncomfortable. The Joy-Cons
are a little bigger. They still look
like Joy-Cons. And oh boy, that's that's
another that's another thing to get into
for another day. The dock is slightly
improved in that it actually has a fan,
which I think all of us thought the
original Switch dock was going to have
that, but it turned out to be just
basically a hunk of plastic. There is a
new USBC port at the top. I love that.
That's fantastic. I am so glad that the
USBC port on my Steam Deck is at the
top. It's really surprising seeing that
in handheld mode this thing can handle
120 fps. Like, hey, I'm used to it. My
phone has that. My tablet has that. I
I'm used to 120 fps screens and
performance on a lot of my devices, but
the Switch always kind of felt like it
would be exempt from that, and now it
isn't. But again, this is another
Switch, but it's fine. It looks good as
another Switch. It is improved. It has
enough distinction, I feel, from the
original console, and there will not be
a Wii U situation in terms of people
getting it mixed up on the storeshelves.
You know, there's going to be a lot of
questions asked by parents, I'm sure,
like, "Hey, is my Switch One compatible
with Switch 2? Can these accessories be
used on that?" Fortunately, for the most
part, the only difference is anything
that used the original Joy-Cons
specifically is going to work a little
differently or not be as compatible. You
will have to charge them separately. You
will need to bring all your accessories
over. You're going to have to pair them
with Bluetooth as opposed to just
sliding them on the console. But the new
ones attach magnetically, so there's
going to be like little confusion there,
I think. Hopefully hopefully nobody
nobody's breaking consoles trying to
shove their old Joy-Cons onto the new
system or vice versa. Gosh, think about
that. That could happen. You got to
prepare for everything when you're
making a new console like this. There
were a lot of good things in this
direct, right? And a lot of positivity
floating around. A lot of people were
going absolutely wild about this new
console because as it turns out, there's
a lot of improvements to it that people
have been hoping for.
I've just said a lot of positive things.
So, why am I about to
gripe? This is the part where I talk
about pricing. And uh I feel like
there's something I need to mention
first. This direct is one of the most
strategically avoidant things I have
ever seen Nintendo produce. And look, I
I get it. I totally understand why they
did it from a business
perspective, but gosh did it feel
scummy. You know how I compared the
initial switch to reveal to something
like an Apple commercial where they're,
you know, showing the updated design and
then showing off a lot of things like
that. You know, one of those things that
uh these ads do not do. It's show the
price of everything because you want to
get people into the hype so they'll
visit your website or your app or your
store and find out how much is this
thing worth. And that is generally, as
some people would say, how they get you.
Now, I completely understand why
Nintendo did things this way because the
way they priced everything was going to
be hard to swallow from the get- go. But
oh my goodness, the amount of effort the
internet had to go through to find out
the pricing of everything. Switch to
related. Ridiculous. Like possibly the
worst that I have ever seen from any
company. It was so hard to find pricing
stuff. uh for a little bit there. You
you could go on the Nintendo store
website and there would be a waiting
queue for uh checking out the console
and and trying to set up a pre-order or
I think it's not it's almost like a pre
pre-order like you're going to get
reached out to uh once you're interested
in the console and you say here tell me
when it's available for pre-order later.
This whole thing was an absolute mess
and the Nintendo store website wasn't
even working properly. But oh boy, when
we got those prices, $450 console. Um,
you know, I'm not going to lie, this one
does not surprise me. And I feel like a
lot of people are willing to kind of
forgive that because it's like whatever.
Yeah, that makes sense. 400 would have
been a nice price point, but to be
honest, I was expecting 450 to 500. So,
uh, technically I guessed correctly.
Great. That's Yeah, that's what we all
wanted, right? For me to guess the price
was going to be a little too high. But I
I can kind of see it, especially seeing
that the console is indeed more powerful
than the original Switch. And that is a
good thing. It really needed a power
boost. So, uh people are saying PS4 and
PS4 Pro levels of power, and I'm
thinking, no, but it's better. That's
important. It needs to catch up with the
rest of the generation. That's good.
Overall, I can live with a $450
console. The game prices make me want to
burn plastic. I don't know what happened
here, man. This is quite possibly one of
the most embarrassing things I've seen
Nintendo do. $70 games were already a
bit of a stretch for me personally. I
tend to buy a lot of my games on sale. I
got Mario Odyssey for like 30 bucks at a
uh game shop, I think five years after
it came out, and I was perfectly happy
with that. 60 bucks is a lot for a game.
I get why they're sold at 60. That's
that's been the standard for a long
time, and just for inflation, whatever.
I I don't really care, you know? It's 60
bucks now. And that's that's what I care
about the most to be honest, relative to
what we have now, how much people are
able to make now. How inviting is that
price for people to be interested in a
game? Mario Kart World is twice the
price of Mario Kart
7. What are you talking about?
$80 for a video game, a Nintendo game. I
just What are you talking about? What
are you talking about? I'm This is the
part where I start looping over words
because I have no other reaction to
this. It just feels so dystopian. And
you know what scares me the most? This
isn't Nintendo catching up with the rest
of the pack. No, with pricing this time
on video games, they're leading the
charge for an $80 video game. Uh, a lot
of Switch 2 defenders, as we're calling
them, I guess, are saying you can just
get the Switch 2 bundle, which basically
gives you Mario Kart World for $50. Mhm.
That is indeed how they get you. A lot
of people are talking about how the
games outside of that are $70 and some
maybe even lower because this isn't a a
price standard applied to everything.
And that's fine. Whatever. Sure. I get
it. I get why the brand new Donkey Kong
game that looks very cool and like it
was an absolute pain to develop for. I
get why it's
70. But that's not the problem. It is
the principle that Nintendo is leading
the charge on something that a lot of
other companies can follow later. And
don't say they won't because I think we
all know they can now that Nintendo has
basically unlocked the price ceiling and
brought it up to 80. Who is to say that
this won't happen with PS5 games or even
when we eventually get a new Xbox? This
is very likely to happen, guys. I'm
sorry, but I
Nintendo does actually create industry
standards. Think about it. The Switch is
exactly what birthed the Steam Deck and
a bunch of other handheld portable
consoles that are now trying to kind of
rule that space. $80 for a Mario Kart,
man. I I'm sorry, but I don't care how
open the game is or how much content
there is. That's jumping it way too
high. And I know there's going to be a
lot of people talking about this in the
comments, so again, please be nice. But
I to me this signals a very distinct
change in Nintendo that we will talk
about in just a moment. Unfortunately,
I'm not done talking about the pricing
of things because the Switch 2 has
accessories. It has a 1080p webcam
basically and uh Nintendo has confirmed
that this USBC port can accept different
kinds of cameras, compatible webcams.
Now Corey has released a Piranha Plant
webcam which is like significantly lower
quality. I think it's like 480p, but
whatever. Some people are saying they
want that one because they think the
video quality is going to be funny,
which I hey, I'm not going to say that's
untrue. There's probably going to be
other accessories for this eventually.
And uh the
webcam is
$50. The official Switch to webcam is
$50. I got this webcam for less than
that. And this is one of Logitech's
higher range ones. Can you seriously?
I'm sorry. I know that I'm having kind
of the same reaction to everything, but
every time I look and read this stuff
again, I have to kind of stop myself and
be like,
"Wow, this is the world we live in,
huh?" And just thinking about this for a
minute, if you decide that you want a
Switch 2 and all of the trappings that
come with it, and then like just one
game, you are spending over
$500, possibly $550 to 600. Are does
that not sound asinine to anybody else?
Look, some people can afford it because
they do this for a living.
But
that that is what I need to talk about
next because I feel like it encompasses
the very problem with this
console and who it's for. So, as I was
uh watching over the past week and a
half a lot of the discussion and the
reactions and the discourse, especially
behind the Switch 2, uh I noticed a
common theme amongst a lot of the
creators I watched. Nintendo Treehouse,
where they were showing off all these
new games, there was so much yelling
about dropping the price, and boy, that
got annoying after a while. I don't
blame them and it still could mean
something if people decide to not
actually buy the thing. But uh chatting
it, mass chatting it for the entirety of
both Nintendo Switch 2 tree houses was
um it it was an achievement. I'll give
you that. While that was going on with
like common consumers who just kind of
want to be able to play video games and
have fun, there's a very distinct thing
that I heard amongst people who do this
for a living. Um I'm not going to name
names because again, I I get it. This is
just how things work for this kind of
creator. But the main thing I was
hearing, especially when it came to
talking about the price of Switch 2 and
everything involved with it, was this
man that is so
annoying. I'm going to buy it
anyway.
And that is when I thought about
something that made me realize who this
console is actually for. The Nintendo
Switch 2 is made for three major groups.
This is what I have theorized. And I
think it kind of shows that that change
in Nintendo that I was talking about has
gone into full effect. Uh number one,
it's made for developers. Now, that is a
good thing because, you know, developers
want to be able to run their games
natively on the console and have them
still look good. And, you know, we're
getting stuff like Cyberpunk and
everybody's talking about, "Wow, it
looks amazing." And some people have
even flown down to New York and taken a
look at the games and uh gotten to play
them on Switch 2 and they have said
mixed things generally that the games
don't look as good as they would on a
PC, but like that makes sense. That's
normal. Okay, so that's that's fine.
Hey, those those games are running well
on there and that's that's important.
That's important. The Switch one, that
was a big pain point with a lot of
developers having to shrink their games
down graphically especially just to get
them to run properly. Um, that makes
sense. Number two, the Switch 2 feels
like it was made for content creators.
Now, give me a second to put all my
bullet points in here because I think it
makes sense the more you look at it.
They're trying to replace Discord
basically with something that's on the
console, which is game chat. And you can
even share your screen, although you're
going to get like a 10 frames per second
image. I don't know why you would want
to use that. Uh, it sounds incredibly
distracting when you're trying to focus
on your own game screen, but whatever.
Okay, fine. It's a necessary evil, I
guess. But then we get to stuff like the
switch to having a webcam that you can
attach to it to get your live reactions
of playing Mario Party and Mario Kart.
Uh, just the the general vibe of this
thing feeling like it's tailored towards
creators and their reactions and how
much they're enjoying the games. And
wow, look at all these new things I can
do. We brought GameCube back. You can
play GameCube games on Nintendo Switch
Online Plus expansion pack. Oo, we're
finally doing it. We're answering so
many of your wishes and giving you the
console that you want so that you can
share it with the world and get other
people interested in buying it. That
opinion I was hearing when going through
all the Nintendo Switch 2 discussion was
coming from content creators. People who
do this for a living who were grumbling
about the prices and then immediately
said after, "But I'm going to buy it
anyway." And that hurts
because they're right. Nintendo knows
that they can get away with these prices
because people got to keep gaming and
making videos and streams and stuff like
that. Hey, I want to keep doing this,
but it's mostly because I want to and
not because it's my full-time job. Uh,
it really sucks to see Nintendo kind of
taking advantage of that. And I do again
feel that this is part of this new team,
being more aware of the internet and how
important it is to have an internet
presence as a game company if you want
people to keep buying your stuff. So, it
does feel like after seeing how many
videos have been made about the Switch 2
specifically, including discussion and
discourse and stuff like that, that is
all monetizable content. As long as
you're not just showing exact gameplay
with nothing else, you know, that's
commentary that is also content. You
know, the Switch 2
is my my PC decided it didn't want to be
part of the discussion anymore. All of
these things show me that Nintendo is
more aware of the internet now, which is
good. I would much rather them
prefer being like that instead of
completely ignorant about it. Although
they could stand to make Nintendo Switch
Online worth something a little more.
But, uh, it does kind of feel like
they're pricing the games and especially
the console at this price because they
know people kind of have to buy it and
they got to rush to the door and be the
first ones to get on that content grind.
And it really does feel like this is a
console made for people who do this for
a
living. So, what's the third category of
people? This is made
for investors. The more that I watched
the switch to direct again and the more
that I went over the details and the
things they were choosing to show, this
felt like the most
investorfriendly direct we have ever
seen. I mean, it had everything, man. It
had corporate terminology. It had these
bright shiny animations for the uh intro
to the direct. stuff like that just
feels very uh corporate friendly where
it's just like, "Ooh, colors, shapes,
animations. Ooh, look at them go." And
just the way the whole thing was
presented, you know, you you lead with
your big fancy game, and then you talk
about the main new feature, the big
selling point of the console, which is
game chat. For some reason, that one
escapes me. I don't see how that's the
big new thing outside of Joy-Con mouse
mode that I've completely forgotten to
mention till now. But then you lead into
the specs and you talk about, "Ooh, this
is what the console can do and what it's
really capable of." they were actually
showing specs. That's very unusual for
Nintendo talking about 4K and the
refresh rate of the display and things
like that. So, investors keep watching.
They see what Nintendo is showing off
console-wise. And then they get into
more games and they see, "Ooh, partner
showcase. They're working with FromSoft.
They're working with Masahiro Sakcharai.
Oh, people love that guy. They're even
making a new Donkey Kong game. We
haven't seen that in a while. Wow, that
that looks so good and original and
fresh." And then they realize, wait a
minute, they haven't shown the prices
yet. people are going to have to go to
the website. That's very smart. That's
very smart, Nintendo. So then they go to
the website along with the rest of us
and they see that the console is $150
more than the original Switch at launch
and they're like, "Wow, they're getting
away with that. They're really going to
do that. This company is actually
willing to upcharge for the console that
much? And the games could be up to $80?
Even some of the biggest franchises that
they know are going to sell because
Mario Kart and the Switch are both money
printers. And they've even gone so far
as to sell a $50 webcam and a tech demo
called Nintendo Switch 2 Welcome Tour
for $10. They didn't even make that free
with the console. Sign me up. Invest in
this company.
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
It hurts.
It hurts me because I get it now. I get
why Nintendo chose to hold off sharing
these details. I get why there are
people grumbling about this new thing
and still talking about buying it
anyway. I get why Mario Kart World is
$80. Because the Switch 2 is not made
for you. It's not made for me.
It is made for a different version of
you and me. One that realizes, ah, yeah,
it's Nintendo. I got to stick with them.
So, I'll go up to that next price point.
I'll buy the games. I'll hate it, but
I'll I'll do it anyway. I want to keep
up and play all of these new things.
Okay. Hello world. Uh, Dan, I'm an
editor in postrecording and I have more
to say because of course I do. Um, so
today, April 17th, the day I was going
to upload this video, because why not,
uh, there was a Mario Kart World Direct.
Now, this actually did interest me,
despite the fact I didn't bring it up
until now, because I wasn't sure I'd
even cover it. But, uh, the reason I was
taking so much interest in this is that
this was Nintendo's last chance to prove
to me why this game is worth $80. And if
you've ever seen a Nintendo hype cycle
before, they usually do an initial
trailer for a brand new very big AAA
game and you know it's a big reveal.
Everybody's hyped about that. But then
you save the big new feature, the big
new exciting selling point. You you see
that in the second trailer or even a
direct like this. You know, this is the
time where you get people hyped all over
again because hey, think about it. It's
been like a few weeks since the Switch 2
was announced and Mario Kart World was
shown in detail. So, this is the point
where outside of the stuff that was
already shown there, you do something
really big and show people, hey, this is
why you really want this game. And um I
I watched the entire direct hall uh 15
minutes of it and um I was waiting for
that moment and the the moment never
came.
This was
um this was not a Super Mario Odyssey
moment where the initial trailer showed
a brand new 3D Mario and the second
trailer was like, "Wow, you can capture
enemies and stuff like that." Uh there
was nothing like that here. Nintendo
kind of uh blew everything in the first
trailer, which is what led the Switch 2,
showing that it's an open world Mario
Kart, which is cool, don't get me wrong,
but people are kind of defending this
$80 price tag for the game as if an open
world with missions to do in it, which I
consider to be the bare minimum when it
comes to an open world game, is suddenly
justifying the price of 80 bucks.
Um, no. I have you ever played Breath of
the Wilds? There is stuff to do in every
corner of that world. And that was a $60
game. What where is the price difference
coming from here? I kept watching this
thing waiting for them to reveal
something brand new or explain something
that was not shown visually previously.
And uh no, it's just a couple of new
moves for the cart, like starting up a a
charge jump, which is kind of like
drifting, but you get airtime forward
instead, which is cool. and everything.
Uh, a couple of new characters that we
didn't previously see, but pretty much
mostly obvious ones and returning modes
from previous Mario games. The that was
it. I I don't understand what I'm
missing. I feel like if they had saved
this openw world aspect until this
direct, things might have been more
exciting. But here's the thing, you have
to show a lot of this game if it's going
to be your system seller. So, they kind
of had to show it during the April 2nd
Switch to Direct. And there was
basically nothing left to show after
that. I mean, guys, don't get me wrong,
the game looks really good and really
exciting, but I I have played other open
world racing games and having little
missions or or things to find or extra
races to do and cars to collect and
stuff like that. That is standard for an
openw world racing game. Mario Kart did
not invent this new genre of video game.
I have seen games like this go for less
than 60, sometimes like 20 because
they've been out for a long time. But
this is a Nintendo product and Nintendo
products rarely rarely go on sale.
So, can you tell I'm not sold on it?
This isn't a criticism on you, okay?
This is a criticism of the company, but
I understand why Nintendo realizes they
can get away with this. Let's be honest
about something for a minute here.
Nintendo was never in any real danger
during the Wii U era. And I know that
sounds a little weird because it's like,
yeah, they were financially struggling,
but like again, multi-million dollar
company. I think they're doing all
right. You know, they were in a rough
patch. Yes. But as long as they didn't
like have another Wii U situation
afterwards, they would recover just
fine. And hey, look, they have, right?
The Switch is one of the bestselling
consoles of all time. It's probably
going to outsell PS2 at some point if
you combine the Switch One and Switch 2
family together. This is not going to be
a Wii U situation. People are still
excited for the console. They're going
to buy a lot of stuff day one. There's
going to be scalpers. Nintendo's tried
to put together a few things to make
that more difficult. But come on, guys.
They're going to figure it out anyway.
There's always there's always a
workaround with scalpers. And then
that's going to be a big deal because
everybody's going to be rushing to buy a
Switch 2. And once that runs out and the
scalpers have them all, Nintendo will be
like, "Yeah, no worries. No worries.
We'll get some more soon, then they're
going to get scooped up and the the hype
cycle
continues." It really disappoints me to
see this company turn into this because
I mean, technically, you could say
they've always had an air of that where
it's like, yeah, you know, they're
Nintendo. They're kind of high and
mighty. They're the only ones who make
the kind of consoles they do. Yeah,
they're graphically behind, but their
games are really good. And again, I'm
not discrediting that. The new games
look fantastic. They're phenomenal. I'm
so excited to play
them. But I won't be buying them from
Nintendo. The Switch 2 was not made for
just regular old people like me who like
to play games.
It was made as a social
status kind of like an iPhone. To answer
the question that I proposed at the
start of this whole discussion, am I
still done buying game
consoles?
No. But I'm done buying them from the
vendor. Now, to be fair, I feel like I
should mention this. I did not buy my
3DS from Nintendo directly. I got my
first one, which was the Mario and Luigi
Dream Team XL. Uh, I got that one from
like Best Buy on a good sale, but then
when it came to replacing it once it
eventually broke, I got my new 3DS from
eBay. And I did it again uh by going to
a local game store and getting my
capture card 3DS. I even found an NES
and SNES Classic recently, and they're
both legit ones. They're not knockoffs
from like China or something. I've been
doing this for years, but I understood
depending on this new
console, I might want to get a Switch 2
if it was really good and if it could
really sell me, maybe maybe I would
consider buying it within the year of
release.
Um, this Nintendo Switch Animal
Crossing, you can tell by the Joy-Con
colors, was uh purchased at a pawn shop
for 250. Screen protector was already
applied, basically unused. I've only had
to send it in once uh because one of the
speakers was buzzing, so they replaced
it within like a
week. I got that Switch in
2021. It's been close to 4 years and the
console is still running
great. I'm not getting another Switch.
Not right now. It could be another four
years after the conso's release, just
like the Switch One, for me to bother
getting a Switch 2, if I even decide to
do that.
And I might not. It's weird, right? I I
feel like I started this channel with so
many high hopes of talking about how
much I love Nintendo and the games they
make, and I still plan on doing that,
but I I can't come back to that first
bullet point anymore because I don't
love Nintendo. I feel the need to
criticize them. I understand why people
have to buy this console to keep their
jobs, their self-run businesses
basically, and I'm happy for them. I'm
happy that they're in a good enough
position where they can, but Nintendo's
taking advantage of them by upcharging
everything. It's It's going to be a
social status thing. I'm calling it now.
Like, oh, you're one of those Switch 2
people, man. Good for you. That feels
that feels great. I'm I'm on my Animal
Crossing Switch. Sue me. I don't feel
that Nintendo makes things for me like
they used to anymore, and that's
disappointing. But I would much rather
enjoy more games on my PC, my Steam
Deck, my Switch, and even the older
consoles that I still have. I recently
started A Link to the Past on the S NES
Classic, and I love it. I've never
played it before now. I've been playing
a lot more of my Switch backlog as of
late, and weirdly enough, I feel like
the Switch 2 announcement is what caused
me to take more interest in it,
realizing, man, I got some really good
games on sale. I haven't come back to
that one in a while. I just uh nearly
completed a tiny sticker tail. I'm
playing Fast RMX, which is like this
F-Zero like clone. I uh even got a cute
little aquarium for the background
wallpaper of the Switch. It's It's just
like you can add fish to it. It's It's
cute, you know. The Switch is actually
kind of capable at some things. It is
graphically behind. Yes. And some people
are saying the new Switch is going to be
more powerful than a Steam
Deck. We'll see about that. The games
are very optimized for the new Switch,
and I think that's important to remember
before we go making crazy graphical
claims like everybody's currently doing.
But I have no doubt that the Switch 2
will be pretty good. I still have
concerns about it, like the Joy-Cons and
being slid around everywhere and how
they're going to run down. And the new
joysticks are not made from Hall effect
sensors, so they can still drift. And
you know what? There's there's a lot of
things I could criticize about the
console, but at the end of the day, I
just kind of don't care. Again, I'm not
entirely done buying video game
consoles, but I'm certainly not going to
buy them from Nintendo anymore. That's a
shame. It kind of feels like the end of
an era for me because there was a time
where I might have bought a Switch 2
directly from them, and now Nintendo has
drawn the line. They have shown me and
many others who this console is for.
It's made for investors. It's made for
content creators and people who play
games
full-time. And it's not made for me. I
might still continue to invest in them
from time to time by getting games from
local thrift stores or used game stores
or pawn shops. Uh if you decide to go
the way of the Mi and start doing that,
you know, check reviews on these places
and make sure that they let you test
your games and controllers before buying
them. But it's not a bad way to be. I've
saved a lot of money doing that and
still found plenty of games to enjoy and
even caught up on some that I missed out
on. This is something I am very
passionate about because I do care about
games being accessible to everyone. And
I know at the end of the day, they're a
luxury and that's okay. But they used to
be a luxury that still felt like they
were within reason for everyone to be a
part of. And now it's not really the
case anymore.
if you follow the company's rules
because as I will continue to advocate
for emulation is always a thing. It's
always available and I know it's a
little difficult for certain countries
or even certain internet service
providers. So, you know, be wise if you
get into that kind of stuff, but nothing
wrong with using what you have to take
control of what companies are otherwise
not going to give you. I'm never going
to have ChibiRobo forever if I sign up
for NSO Plus. I'm never going to be able
to play games that Nintendo delists or
takes offline after they have ended
their life of
service, but I can control the games
that they don't sell anymore and still
be able to play them on my favorite game
consoles and even other devices and play
with mods. Matter of fact, I've never
considered trying out Switch emulation
before, even though I've had a powerful
enough PC to do it for almost a year
now. But that might change in the near
future. And the deciding factor that
told me I was okay with morally opening
up to Switch One
emulation was the Switch 2
Direct. How weird is that? Guys, I know
this has been probably one of my longest
discussion videos as of yet, and I
apologize, but this whole thing has been
exhausting. So, if I sound
tired, thank you so much for watching
this discussion and I hope to hear more
about it in the comments. As always, I
love discussing with you guys and
hearing your responses. And again, it's
okay to disagree, but as always, let's
be kind to each other. Until my next
video, this is Denominator signing off.
See you later, Ominators.
Bye.
[Music]
Heat. Heat.