All right, folks. We have a nice round
up of Switch 2 news for you today,
including Nintendo filing a lawsuit
again, but this time against an
accessory maker that I'm actually going
to be seeing uh this week. Pretty crazy
uh when we think about everything that
led up to the Nintendo Switch 2 and what
the implications of this are. Uh we also
have an update on the scalping
situation, an update on a game coming to
Nintendo Switch 2 as well. So, look, we
got to go ahead and dive in. And we're
going to first start by reminding you
that, hey, we are giving away two
Nintendo Switch 2 Mario Kart World
bundles right now. Uh, if you want to
enter that, all you got to do is click
on the link down in the description or
in the pinned comment. It is absolutely
free to enter. Uh, I wish everyone luck.
We'll be drawing the winner about 10
days or so before the Nintendo Switch 2
comes out. First, I just wanted to
comment on this. I noticed it last night
when we did a special late night stream
that scalping for Switch 2 is a little
out of hand. Uh, at first I thought all
of this was just during the panic
situation. You're seeing the 1700, the
1600, the 1300. If you look at all those
listings, those all happened around the
time that pre-orders were delayed in the
US. So, people were buying these. These
are actually sold units. Uh, people were
buying these in the panic of concern of
them not being available in the US or
not being available pre-order. So, I
thought that like this pricing here was
just, you know, a one-off thing for that
panic time period that people some
people actually thought was worth
buying. But as we scroll down, you're
going to see more and more that are
actually after the pre-order date. So,
we come down here, May 2nd, $1,000.
April 24th, a,000. There's a number that
have sold around $1,000 that people are
actually buying to get a Nintendo Switch
2 here in the United States. And I just
wanted to let you guys know, you don't
need to do this. There's going to be a
bunch of them available day one at
Target and Walmart. Target, you can
literally order online for instore
pickup. Obviously, Walmart, you just
walk in and buy one until they're sold
out. Uh, and look, there could be other
restock waves as well along the way. I
think Walmart and GameStop are done with
restock waves, but we still don't know
what Best Buy and Target if there's
going to be additional ones. We do know
Walmart and Target will have units in
store day one. So, look, please don't
pay $1,000 for Nintendo Switch. True,
it's already an expensive device. Well,
I can't tell you how to spend your
money. Uh, guys, there's like even if
you're going to go for scalper ones,
there's some that are selling for like
600, uh, which is only $100 more than
MSRP for the actual bundle. So, if you
have to or feel like you need to go the
scalper route, that to me is really the
way to go. Uh, we also have an update on
a story we talked about yesterday. And
this update is very important because
it's always important to correct
factualbased mistakes that are made. And
in this case, there was a mistake with
the overall reporting uh that wasn't
really my fault, but just the fault of
the outlets that reported it because I
mentioned about a chrono trigger remake.
And I also mentioned that it's in
foreign languages and I'm reliant on
others uh having the story right. And it
turns out they did not have the story
right. So as we go on here, it says,
"Oops, Yuji might not have leaked the
massive remake news after all." And it
sounds like the translator themselves is
the one who made the mistake. So I want
to be clear, it doesn't sound like it's
the fans there that misinterpreted
things. the translator whose job it is
to translate to the fans. Looks like
they messed up. I man, I don't want that
translator to lose their job, but it's a
pretty big mistake uh to mess that up.
So, uh this is in the second update here
over on this Nintendo Life article, and
it says, "Well, uh we did say to take it
with a pinch of salt, but it looks like
Yuji may not have mentioned anything
specifically about a potential Chrono
Trigger remake. After all, Gimmetsu,
who's spotted by our sister site, Push
Square, has checked over all the
footage, and it seems to have confirmed
that nope, a chrono trigger remake was
never mentioned by Yuji Horry himself,
but rather brought up by the translator
only. So, you see this uh blue sky post
here by Gmetsu, who says, "Late update
footage from the event is out, and
himself never actually said anything
about a remake of Chrono Trigger like at
all. It was all the interpreter. Sorry
to burst everyone's bubble." And uh
we'll put a link again to the footage if
you guys want. you know, as the famous
game over screen in Chrono Trigger says,
"But the future refused to change."
We're still hopeful, though. Are you?
Uh, and they, yeah, it sounds like he
did bring up Chrono Trigger, but he was
bringing it up in context to just
talking about things he's worked on in
the past. And the translator somehow
messed that up into meaning a remake. I
don't know how the translator did that,
but it does happen. Translation mistakes
do happen. Uh, so there you go. The
translator made a mistake and it led to
all the headlines. Obviously, we still
really want a Chrono Trigger remake, but
you know, also we can't really do much
about it. What we can do something about
is at least talking about a lawsuit. Uh,
if you guys remember, there was a lot of
leaks around the Nintendo Switch 2. And
despite being an extremely leaked
platform, the games and the software and
stuff didn't really leak, but the
hardware did. Now, some of these leaks
came directly out of things like
manufacturing, and I'm sure Nintendo's
still trying to hunt down who the hell
next handheld is and where the hell he
was when he took those photos, but
that's not the leaks Nintendo's actually
concerned with because even though those
are legitimate leaks and are things
Nintendo wants to have buttoned up at
manufacturing, bottom line is no one was
really profiting off of that. Uh, but
one company was attempting to profit big
time. Now, a lot of thirdparty accessory
makers have been making, you know, their
accessories for Switch 2. In fact, one
of them sent me things like this mockup
model right here. Now, I didn't get this
mockup model till after April 2nd, so
the official dimensions were already out
there. The system was already revealed.
We already knew what it looked like.
There's nothing really to steal the
thunder from Nintendo at that point
because yeah, it's obvious to some like
you look at the back of this. This is
not a legitimate Nintendo Switch 2,
right? They're not even pretending that
it is. It is very clearly just a mockup
for the purposes of, you know, testing
out their accessories and stuff. Nothing
really wrong with that. What can be
wrong, however, is if you are going to
go to an event uh before Nintendo Switch
2 even reveals the damn system and not
only advertise your products, but show
off complete 3D models of the real
Switch 2 with Nintendo's logos and
branding. Oh, and on top of that, uh,
use it to try to sell products. And
again, nothing wrong with third-party
accessories existing, but there's a lot
of no- nos that happened at an event
called CES in 2025 earlier in January.
So, we have this lawsuit here filed by
Nintendo. So, it's United States
District Court, Central District of
California, Nintendo of America, uh,
Washington Corporation against Human
Things, Inc., aka Genki, a Delaware
Corporation. That is where Genki
operates out of in the US. Genki is
actually a Japanese company. This is the
US branch going after them because this
stuff primarily happened in the US and
happened in English. So they're going to
take care of it here. Uh so as you can
see, you know, it says like the
plaintiff here, we'll zoom out a little
bit more. The plaintiff or Nintendo of
America appearing through undersign
council alleges as follows. Uh so
they're talking about here all their
copyrights and stuff they have around
the Nintendo Switch, Switch 2, the OLED,
etc. Um, but really the nuts and bolts
of it comes down here. They talk about
the trademarks they own. Obviously, they
own the trademarks all their consoles
and all the the the logos and stuff.
They're talking about how they have
trademarks over the design and the logos
and stuff. Yes, this is going to matter
in a moment because there something that
Genki did that we're going to revisit.
All right. So, after Nintendo shows that
they have proof that they have all the
legitimate ownership over all this
branding, we get down here uh to the
actual complaints about Genki's actions
generally. Uh, and this talks about what
Genkkey does, but getting leased as
early as December 2024, defendant
embarked upon a strategic campaign
intended to capitalize on the public
interest surrounding Nintendo's next
generation console. Nothing wrong with
that, per se. It's what they did in
January. So again, trying to talk about
accessories you're going to make for an
upcoming platform. That's not a problem.
The problem is what they did in January.
This is where Nintendo has made their
their stance that uh Genki, yeah, you
you messed up. So Defender began
advertising that it gained unauthorized
access to Nintendo's upcoming Switch 2
console, which had not yet been released
or revealed publicly by Nintendo. That's
right. their damn CEO came out publicly
in several interviews stating that Genki
legitimately had a Nintendo Switch 2. So
that's issue number one, not a file with
a render in it, the actual Switch 2.
Genki claimed they had it. Uh the
defendant advertised that because of its
unique access to a genuine unreleased
Switch 2 console, it can manufacture
gaming accessories that are compatible
with the Switch 2. Further, Genki
announced it would sell those allegedly
compatible accessories uh
contemporaneously with Nintendo's
release of its console. So, the same
date, right? Following the initial
claims of access to the genuine Switch 2
console, defendant's statements were
contradictory and inconsistent with
defendant later stating that it was
never in possession of the console,
which happened after their booth got
shut down at CES. That's right. Their
booth lasted like a day and a half and
got completely shut down. So, kind of
funny that the story changed after the
booth was shut down. Anyways, um so
anyways, the defendant has since
maintained its representation to
consumers that its accessories will be
compatible for the Switch 2 console upon
the conso's release, which again, if
they don't have a legitimate console,
they can't necessarily guarantee that
compatibility. They can say, "Hey, you
could buy our products and maybe it
works with Switch 2, but you can't
guarantee it because if you don't have
access to the real thing." So ensuring
compatibility of Defendants's
accessories would not be possible uh
unless and until Defendant has access to
Switch to console. So they're arguing,
hey, you can't guarantee your
accessories work. You can sell them. We
can't stop that, but you can't be like
guaranteeing compatibility. More like we
believe or we feel or we think. Wording
really matters, especially when you're
claiming you had illegal access to the
Switch 2 console. All right. Uh so it
says obviously this couldn't be possible
unless they had access to the Switch 2
console or proprietary technical
specifications neither of which Nintendo
provided and are authorized to provide
to the defendant. Therefore either the
defendant is not in possession of a
genuine console and thus cannot claim
compatibility with enough certainty to
make its advertising claims in good
faith or the defendant unlawfully or
illicitly obtained an authentic Nintendo
Switch 2 or proprietary technical
information about the Switch 2 prior to
the conso's release to the public.
Additionally, the defendant has used the
Nintendo Switch. And this is this is the
real big gotcha, right? The defendant
has used Nintendo Switch marks in
connection with the marketing and
promotion of its unauthorized Switch 2
accessories. They use Nintendo's
official logos. Oh man. So, uh, this
obviously misleads customers into
believing that it offers functional,
authentic, and authorized Nintendo
Switch 2 products. That's right. When
you start to use Nintendo's own logos,
Nintendo's logos they hadn't even
revealed publicly yet, you're starting
to create a brand association to
Nintendo. And they were doing this in
January at a live event. Gang Fee's
wrong began in December of 2024 when
they first began promoting its
accessories for then high confidential
unrevealed and unannounced Switch 2. Uh
they attempted to connect with the
GameStop CEO Ryan Cohen to discuss the
launch of Switch 2 accessories Genki was
working on. Okay, but that's when
they're claiming the beginning of the
wrongdoings happened, but really things
came to a head in January. You can see
here uh some DMs they show, send me a DM
with your ID and the issue uh post has
been limited. I DM'd you would love to
work with some of the US Switch 2 launch
accessories. Again, they're just showing
proof that Genki was doing some
potentially shady things back then and
then not just doing it, trying to get a
hold of retailers uh to help sell their
products. On January 1st, 2025, GKI's
exhibitor page went live for the 2025
Consumer Electronic Show, publicizing
GKI's intention to host a booth media
briefing on January 7th in which it
offered to discuss any information about
the not yetannounced switch too.
Defendant may as well have stuff
defendant making for it. And that is
true. We talked about this. We covered
this, right? This was a huge deal. Genki
was about to reveal things that had not
been revealed publicly about Switch 2.
Uh, at CES, Genki demoed and promoted
unauthorized purported mock-ups and
renderings of the Nintendo Switch 2 and
its accessories. Further, Genki
presented at least two unauthorized 3D
printed mock-ups of the Switch 2 to
reporters. Genki boasted its alleged
early access to the unreleased console
and allowed guests to hold and measure
the mockups. At Genki CES booth, Genki
CEO Edward Sai personally showed off a
3D printed mockup and stated to
different reporters that Genki had or
had access to an authentic Switch 2 on
which Genki based the mockups,
renderings, and 3D printed mockups.
Genki's representatives, including its
CEO, also did multiple media in
interviews discussing their eight
accessories and purportedly confirming
specific, highly confidential designs
and functionality of the not
yetannounced Nintendo Switch 2. So yeah,
they also displayed a video at a CES
move showing a purported 3D render of
the Switch 2, which it later also posted
on its website. Genki included
Nintendo's marks on its rendering of the
Nintendo Switch 2 doc, including
Nintendo's registered design mark shown
in registration
535223 0. Oh man. If you guys want to
know what they're talking about, if
you're if you're generally curious what
they're talking about, we actually
showed this in a video. We're going to
go over to Jake Randall, friend of the
channels, uh, YouTube. He's got a video
here. This is what they're talking
about. This render that they're showing
right here. So, they have like the
Joy-Cons, right? And they get into the
dock. Okay. They're literally showing a
full 3D render of their accessories on
the Nintendo Switch 2 and uh yeah, they
show the logo. The logo is really one of
the big gotchas cuz that's a fully
trademark thing that they do not have
permission to use, especially at a time.
There it is. You see when they turn
sideways? See when they turn sideways,
that was the logo. That was the logo
shot. So, this is from Genki. They were
showing this off um literally publicly
on January 7th. Pretty insane. While
also claiming that they had access to
the actual Nintendo Switch, too. This is
a wild story. Uh and the Jake Randall
stuff. I brought it up for a reason.
We're going to come back to that. Um so,
now we get to Genki's presentation
statements garnered significant
attention from the media and public,
resulting in confusion among consumers.
Again, they're not blaming the media.
They're blaming Genki for even doing
this. Uh, so people were wondering about
the validity of Genki's statements and
association with Nintendo. The media,
especially those having had direct
contact with Genki at CES promoted the
impression that the 3D printed mockups
were accurate replicas of the Nintendo
Switch 2. Similarly, many consumers
express belief that Genki 1 was sent a
model of the Nintendo Switch 2 by
Nintendo itself, or two, received
approval from Nintendo to see the new
hardware for the purpose of developing
accessories. The issue of whether or not
Genki was an authorized accessory
manufacturer was further debated
throughout, and this is hilarious, the
Nintendo Switch to Reddit community.
Yes, the Nintendo Switch to Reddit
community came up. Public discourse and
confusion over Genki's announcements
were so significant that on January
10th, 2025, Nintendo issued a statement
to reporters about the incident,
clarifying that the gaming hardware that
Genki presented as Nintendo hardware at
CES is unofficial and was not provided
by to the company by us. Uh, so Nintendo
already talked about this back in
January. They were not happy. The same
day that Nintendo issued it January 10th
statement, Genki backtracked on its bold
claims of early access to the console.
In an interview, Genki represented
stated that Genki never had access to an
authentic pre-release model of the
Nintendo Switch 2. And they posted a
thread on X, formerly Twitter,
retracting its statements. Instead, the
representative claimed that Genki's
models were based on an alleged quote
unquote leaked information in the
industry. The interview with Twitter
thread are attached as exhibits.
Nevertheless, Genki continued to
represent that its accessories would be
compatible with the upcoming Switch 2.
On January 11th, a news article
published by the Game Post credited
Genki with a rendering of the Switch 2
console reproduced below, featuring the
official design mark and the full name
of the console, which had still not been
announced by Nintendo. And now you're
starting to see where the issues arise.
They effed around and found out. There's
other claims in here about how cocky
they've been about this. There's claims
in here about the Genki Direct that they
did the exact same day. Uh the crazy
thing about the Genki Direct is you see
it advertised here. They have a
screenshot comparing the Direct uh their
screen their their thing to the Nintendo
Direct. You know what's really really
really insane about that? Uh Genki has
since uh we were going to get to Genki's
comments by the way. Genki has come out
and talked about this, but uh the Genki
direct uh they rebranded it after this
lawsuit. They now call it the Genki
indirect.
Like they literally uh rebranded it
after the lawsuit. They changed the
thumbnail and everything. This is
insane. Uh this is utterly insane. And
the reason we brought up Jake Randall
for those curious is after this lawsuit
came out, uh it happened yesterday,
Genki came out and made this tweet.
Shout out to Jake Randall for getting us
hooked up with a unit at GameStop. By
the way, GameStop didn't have any units
yesterday. There was no way Genki could
order a unit online from GameStop
yesterday. So, why is this tweet up
right now? If you haven't secured your
Switch 2, follow his account. They're
trying to create a different pattern
publicly that doesn't matter because
this is happening after the
lawsuit. And the funny thing is earlier
this year they called Jake Randall a
liar. So Genki is Genki is not batting
uh well right now. Now uh they did put
out a statement. So we got to cover both
sides. We have Nintendo's allegations.
We have the obvious mountains of public
evidence. And now we get to Genki
statement. A note from the Genki team.
You may have seen that Nintendo recently
filed a lawsuit against us. We're taking
it seriously and working with legal
counsel to respond thoughtfully. What we
can say is this. Skanki has always been
an independent company focused on
building innovative gaming accessories
for the community we love. We're proud
of the work we've done and we stand by
the quality and originality of our
products. While we can't comment in
detail, we're continuing preparations to
fulfill orders and showcase our newest
products at PAX East this week. We're
grateful for the overwhelming support
we've received so far. We'll share more
when we can, but for now, we're staying
focused on doing what we can do best,
building gear for gamers. Team Genki.
Basically, we're not denying that we did
any of this stuff.
Um, please buy our products. That's what
that red light to me. So, look, Genki is
obviously in the wrong. Uh, I know a lot
of accessory makers could arguably be in
the wrong, but not not so many of them
were like so bold as Genki, not just to
talk about their accessories publicly,
but to go to an in-person event that
Nintendo's own partner Nvidia is part of
and actually present models to the
public and talk directly to media about
it. That is like where the trouble comes
in because lots of companies Dbrand and
others have been talking about
accessories and maybe having access to a
file uh that allows them to make those
accessories. But none of them were being
so bold as to go to public events
bringing things like mockups. And this
is actually a better mockup than Genki
brought uh showing off full 3D renders
publicly of Nintendo's copyrighted uh
not just the system but the actual logo
and everything. Uh Genki, they really uh
did this to themselves. So, I don't
really feel bad for them, but that's the
story as it stands today. Uh, I assume
there'll probably be a settlement out of
court at some point. Genki is not a tiny
company. They have about 130 employees,
but you know, could this be the end?
Could Genki uh be done? I mean, they're
still trying to be like, "Yeah, we know
about the lawsuit. Please buy our
stuff." So, I don't know. I'm going to
be talking to Genki a little bit. I'm
not going to talk too much about the
lawsuit because I don't want them to get
cold feet. But I'm going to be talking
to them at PAX East. Um, and we'll we'll
see what happens there. It'll be
hilarious if Nintendo announces they're
at PAX East tomorrow because there's a
lawsuit between them and they're in the
same building. That would be funny. All
right, a couple more stories out there.
Uh, one, we have uh Star Wars Outlaws uh
is now a game key card. We kind of
figured this was coming that Ubisoft
would do the whole game key card thing
with the Switch 2 version. I I just I'm
assuming most third parties at this
point are going to do it. But there you
go. Uh it's a game key card. I can put
links if you guys want to pre-order that
for some reason. Uh I'm not a big
proponent of the game key cards, but
some of you guys don't mind buying them.
I get it. They're resellable digital
games. That's cool. Uh one last update
we have is about button mapping. Uh
people have been wondering about how
there's like individual game button
mapping uh for all the like the Switch
games and Switch 2 games on Switch 2.
How about the NSO service, especially
like the N64 where you might want per
game button mapping? Well, on Nintendo's
official website says new ways to enjoy
the N64 games, you'll find new features
for you in the N64 Nintendo Classics app
on Switch 2. So, this is specific to
Switch 2. These include a new CRT filter
to add a retro feel to your games,
button remapping for each game's
controls, and the rewind feature in case
you want to turn back time and undo a
mistake. All of these are exclusive to
the N64 app on Switch 2. Probably taking
advantage of the the increased RAM and
all of that available to use from the
operating system. So, there you go. Uh,
that's pretty cool. I I'm excited to
have that added to Switch 2. That being
said, folks, let me know you think about
this down below. Obviously, we have our
really big story today surrounded by
some smaller ones, but give me your
thoughts because oh man, this is all Oh,
man. you know, when you f around and
find out Nintendo has a lot of lawsuits
out there. This is one of the ones that
it's like it's really hard to take
Genki's side. Um, they went to a public
event, they brought mock-ups, they
showed full 3D renders, they boldly told
media they have it. After Nintendo comes
out and slams them saying, "Hey, we
never sent you one." Then they start to
backtrack that. And now that like, oh,
now now you have a lawsuit coming, so
now we're going to say, "Oh, well,
thanks to Jake Randall, we're able to
get a pre-order." I don't know what is
happening. I Genki is wilding right now.
Uh all I know is can't wait to see their
Switch 2 accessories at uh at PAX East.
Can't wait to bust out my mockup and be
like, "Hey, remember when you guys got
sued for something like this?" Well,
maybe you should have had something like
that on the back and not made it such an
official damn showcase. Anyways guys, I
am Rob Dance from Nintendo Prime and
I'll catch you guys in the next
video.
Heat. Heat.
[Music]