Hey, what's up guys? Welcome back to the
channel and it's time to get excited.
We're less than two days away from the
big event. So, that's the purpose of
this video. You guys have a lot of
questions, you know, ranging from what
time should I arrive to GameStop, if I
want to make sure I can get a console,
and how many consoles will GameStop
have, to when I order online, who's
going to charge my card right away, who
waits till it ships to charge me, where
can I pick up in store, what places will
ship to my house, is it better to use
the app or the website to order online
from these retailers? Who's the best
retailer to try to buy from? Why is
Amazon not doing pre-orders? And of
course, the most important question,
which is, am I live streaming at
midnight on pre-order day? And the
answer to that one is of course. So,
make sure you're subscribed, hit the
like button, and let's get right into
it. So, I'm going to answer every single
one of those questions in this video, in
the first half, and then the second half
of this video, I'm going to take you
through the four retailers that are
going to be selling them on the 24th.
So, that's Target, Best Buy, GameStop,
and Walmart. Amazon is not, and we're
going to get into that. And Nintendo,
you have to register for to have an
opportunity to do it on May 8th. So,
we'll talk about that, but again, we're
not covering that in detail. The way I
recommend you use this video is watch it
all the way through the first time and
then come back here before pre-order.
And there's timestamps, so you can look
in the description at the different
questions and if you need a refresher,
just go to that timestamp. And if it's
after the first wave of pre-orders,
remember there will be multiple stocks
of pre-orders. So, you will have
multiple chances to buy it before June
5th. if you do not get it on April 24th.
And of course, we're going to be talking
about that as well. So, this video
should be valuable for a while, even
after launch for the restocks. It'll be
valuable. So, make sure you're
subscribed. Smash the like button if you
appreciate what I'm doing here. And
let's get into the video. So, first,
let's go over what your options are for
buying this. Target, Best Buy, and
Walmart are all going to put their
orders up at midnight Eastern time on
April 24th, which is Thursday morning,
but kind of like Wednesday night, right?
cuz you're going into Thursday, but that
would be 11:00 p.m. on Wednesday,
Central time, and it will be 900 p.m.
Pacific time on Wednesday, April 23rd.
Walmart only offers shipping. You cannot
pick up in store, but they guarantee
delivery by 9:00 a.m. on June 5th, which
is launch day. Best Buy typically does
not offer ship to home for these kind of
releases either, so it's only pickup in
store. The good news is you can pick up
at midnight on June 5th on launch day.
Target offers both shipping and pickup
in store. However, the shipping option
almost always sells out instantly at
Target. You have a much much better
chance doing instore pickup and you can
pick up when stores open. Target is not
doing a midnight launch for the Switch
2. Luckily, Targets tend to open pretty
early so you'll get it in the morning
still. And then after those three go
live at midnight Eastern, at 11:00 a.m.
Eastern time, which is 8:00 a.m. Pacific
or 10:00 a.m. Central time, that's when
GameStop will put their online orders
up. And all of GameStop's online orders
are only shipped to home. If you buy
online from GameStop, you will not be
able to pick up in store. The only way
to pick up in store for GameStop is to
pre-order in person at your store. And
the in-person pre-orders are a
completely separate inventory than their
online orders. So the ones that they're
going to be selling in their store,
those aren't even going to be offered
online. Those are separate stock. And
you will be able to pre-order in person
at GameStop whenever your local store
opens. So to sum that up, Target,
Walmart, Best Buy, all dropping online
only at midnight Eastern time. GameStop
dropping at 11:00 a.m. Eastern time with
in-person pre-orders, which you can only
do this at GameStop. No one else is
doing in person. Whenever your local
store opens. So, whatever time that is
for you, that is when they're doing
in-person pre-orders. Which leads me to
the next question because it's probably
the question I've been getting the most
is how do you know how many units that
your GameStop will have for in-person
pre-orders and what time should you
arrive to the store to make sure that
you get one? There's been a rumor going
around that GameStop stores will get
around 100 each. And while some stores
might get that or might get even more,
that's kind of uh a fake rumor because
that's not how it works. GameStops will
give different amounts to the stores
based on that store's sales. So
basically how the population of that
area, how much that store sells. So,
every store will be different, but you
can find out exactly how many your store
is getting by going to your store when
they close on Wednesday, April 23rd.
Because when they close, the employees
will put up a piece of paper on the
door. They might do this before close if
you're lucky. But if you want to be
safe, just wait till they close. Go to
the store. They'll have a little piece
of paper that'll say exactly how many
Switch consoles they have. It'll be how
many of the regular Just to Switch,
$4.49, $49 and the Mario Kart World
bundle which is $4.99. They might add
like some accessories and things like
that of how many they have, but
obviously if you're just trying to focus
on the console, that's what you're
looking for. I'm coming back after
editing and there was a rumor that
GameStop is going to do this very
differently and they're not going to put
the things on the door and the instore
pre-orders is just going to be all from
its own stock. So it could if there's
200 people waiting in line, those people
will get 200. If there's another store
with 20, those people will get 20 until
the allotment for all the stores is
gone. So, they're all sharing from one
pool is the rumor. So, I'm putting that
in here just in case that happens, but
it might still be the old way. And then,
as to what time you should show up to
make sure you get one, do you have to
camp out overnight? Well, that's going
to be based on how many units that store
is. If you live near a couple GameStops,
it'll be worth it to go around to a few
of them and see how many each of them
are getting. And then my best advice for
this is before you go to bed, drive by
either your local GameStop or a couple
of GameStops and see if there's anyone
outside camping already. For example, if
your store is getting 80 switch toss
total and there's already 45 people
there when you drive by at 10:00 at
night, you're probably going to have to
start camping out there, you know,
midnight at the latest. But if you drive
by and your store is getting 120 units
and there's only four people there at 10
or 11:00 at night, you're probably okay
to show up at like 6 or 7 a.m. So,
you're going to have to make that call
for yourself. Use that judgment. I can't
tell you specifically for you, but I can
tell you to show up when your store
closes so you can find out exactly what
you're working with. And I hope you find
that helpful. When the employees arrive
before the store opens, they may hand
out tickets to everyone, but until the
employees arrive, you kind of just have
to count for yourself. Luckily, it is a
limit of one per person as it is at
every retailer while the pre-orders
start. So, it's not like you're going to
get there and there's going to be 35
people in line but 40 consoles and
you're wondering what if someone buys
more than one and I don't end up with
one. If you do the count right, it's it
is limit one. Now, when it comes to who
I think will be the easiest to get it
from or who I recommend you prioritize
going for, it actually depends on your
situation because there's a couple of
factors and I'm going to explain that.
But also, if I just recommend one, then
everyone that watches this video will
probably go for that one and it will
probably make it harder. So, here's the
thing. Since three of them are going at
the same time, Target, Best Buy, and
Walmart, you're going to pretty much
prioritize those three. And then if you
don't get it at any of them, you can try
for GameStop later in the morning. So,
we really don't have to rank GameStop
because that will be your fallback
option. If I had to rank GameStop, I'd
actually say they're pretty good.
They've implemented a lot of things on
their website. They've added a Q system
that they never had back in the PS5,
Xbox Series restock days. But
regardless, it's really the other three
that you're going to have to prioritize.
Believe it or not, I would put Walmart
probably first because Best Buy is doing
that midnight launch day pickup. That is
probably going to be the most popular
place to pre-order from for the average
consumer, especially because Amazon's
not an option. A lot of a lot of people
just kind of have a bias against
Walmart, so they won't go for it. And
the fact is Walmart has a Q system that
works pretty well. You're getting
guaranteed launch day delivery and you
don't need to be a Walmart Plus member.
You don't need to be a paid member
anywhere for any of the pre-orders,
which is fantastic. Best Buy also has a
Q system, but it's kind of trash. And
their Q system, when their website
starts getting flooded with traffic,
which it absolutely will be obviously
everyone's will be on pre-order day, it
becomes impossible and it's so
frustrating because they say you're in
line, please wait. But it can stay like
that for 10 to 15 minutes. And so people
get frustrated and start refreshing and
without realizing it, they're kicking
themselves out of line. You can get
lucky with Best Buy, but you can also
get absolutely screwed over if you count
on it. So, I would put Walmart first.
Target and Best Buy are about the same
because Target has its own host of
issues as well. But at least Best Buy
does have a Q system, which is supposed
to prevent the bots. They just can't
handle the traffic very well. Obviously,
you want to go for all three. Anywhere
you can get through and place an order
is good. You know, let's say you're
someone that really wants to get it from
Best Buy for that midnight launch. Well,
I would still go for all three. And if
you end up checking out on Target, keep
trying for Best Buy. And if you get it
from Best Buy, also wait a day, make
sure it doesn't get cancelled on you.
And then you can go ahead and cancel
your Target order. So, you can pre-order
from multiple places. And then, if you
get the place that you want, cancel from
the place that you don't want. To keep
this video as short as possible, I'm
just going to let you know that Amazon
and Nintendo have been having a lot of
disputes. They basically got beef. And
so, don't expect Amazon US to have any
Switch 2 pre-orders, even though Amazon
and every other country is having Switch
2 pre-orders. That could change. There
could be negotiations going on behind
the scenes, but for now, Amazon US is
out, so we're not talking about them.
You want to order directly through
Nintendo, you can register on Nintendo's
website and possibly get picked. And if
you get picked, you'll get an email on
May 8th. The link for that along with
all of the other links is in the
description, so you can check that out.
To buy through Nintendo, you do have to
meet the qualifications, and it's not
guaranteed even if you do make the
qualifications. So, I recommend trying
to pre-order from a retailer. And then,
if you're lucky enough to get selected
to purchase it through Nintendo, you can
cancel your retailer pre-order. And that
actually leads me into my next topic,
which is which places are going to
charge you up front and which will wait
till it ships. And I actually have a
trick to share with you here that will
let you pre-order it from any place no
matter whether they do that or not. So
here's the bad news. Everywhere is going
to do a pending authorization. What that
means is when you go to pre-order it,
the full amount will be taken out of
your bank account no matter where you
order it from, but then returned to you
either the same day or a couple days
later. And they're not actually charging
you. That's them asking your bank to
make sure you have that money available.
So, you do need to have that money
available, no matter where you order it
from. The exception to this is if you
pre-order from GameStop in person, they
will just require a deposit, which is
typically their $50 or $100. Here is the
workaround, and that is to use PayPal to
check out connected to your bank
account. If you use a debit card and
there's not that much money in in your
account, it's going to get declined when
it tries to do the pending
authorization. And if you use a credit
card, that's the other workaround. As
long as it doesn't exceed your credit
limit, you'll be fine with the credit
card as well. But if you don't have the
money, what you can do is use PayPal,
which is linked to your bank account,
not linked to a debit card. And if your
bank account lets you do overdrafts,
it'll overdraft your bank account, but
then because it puts the money back in,
you end up being okay as long as you
have some kind of overdraft forgiveness.
So, that is my pro tip to people that
aren't going to have the money
available, use PayPal. Make sure you
have some kind of overdraft with your
bank and connect the PayPal to your bank
account. Amazon was the only retailer
that won't do anything like that at all.
And in the past, both Target and Walmart
hasn't done that to me, but they've
started doing it now. Best Buy has
always done it. So, if you want to risk
it, Walmart or Target would be the ones
I prioritize, or even GameStop when it
comes to the next day, but Best Buy for
sure will always do that pending
authorization. All right, so that's it
for the Q&A section of the video.
However, the next part where I walk you
through Best Buy, Target, Walmart, and
GameStop's online ordering processes
will still answer a lot more questions.
So, if this is your first time watching
the video, make sure you watch it all
the way through. We're going to kind of
rapidfire these to keep the video around
15 minutes, and obviously, we've used up
most of that time. But if you want a
very detailed process for each of these
retailers that actually shows you the
website functioning in the description,
I've linked my old PS5 buying guides.
And those videos are only 6 minutes
long. So if I included all of them here,
this video would be, you know, 30 to 40
minutes. But if you want to go in and
watch those, just an extra 6 minutes of
your time for each one, I highly
recommend that. But I'm going to go over
the highlights right now to wrap up this
video. Obviously, this is going to go
for everywhere. You're going to create
an account. Make sure you put in your
shipping info and all your payment info
so it's ready to go. Also, make sure if
you're going for Apple Pay or PayPal,
which is much better because it
processes your payment on PayPal servers
or Apple servers instead of the retailer
server. So, instead of Walmart's server
that's getting blasted with traffic,
it'll actually process through a
different server and let you check out
much faster. Make sure you have PayPal
and Apple Pay saved to your phone and
your browser, not just the website. Most
of the websites don't let you save
PayPal. They just let you save like
credit cards or debit cards. When it
comes for Walmart to do their
pre-orders, don't be constantly
refreshing because if you refresh too
many times, it'll block you when it's
actually in stock for pre-orders. So,
what you want to do is start refreshing
the page maybe 15 to 20 seconds before
midnight, but not anymore. And you don't
want to be clicking it super fast. Just
maybe once per second, once per second,
so you don't get blocked out. Walmart
uses a Q system. So, you're going to be
sitting there refreshing as soon as it
says you're in line. Your work is done.
It's still very stressful, but you don't
have to do anything else. You just wait
there and wait for your turn in the
queue. Now, whether the website or app
is better, I find the website tends to
be a little better for Walmart. However,
you can get a different place in line on
the app as from the website. I would be
using the app on your phone and the
website. And then lastly, the great
thing about Walmart is you can refresh
the website, but you can't refresh the
app. So, if you're going for the website
and the app, you want to be refreshing
the website and then as soon as the
website lets you in the Q system, then
go to the listing on the app since you
couldn't have been refreshing that, just
go to it right then and then that will
also get a place in line. For Best Buy,
the website is definitely better than
the app. But like everywhere, I
recommend using both the website and the
app at the same time. But if at midnight
you're going for Walmart, Best Buy, and
Target, you're you're only going to be
able to focus for your phone on one of
those. I would focus on either Walmart
getting an extra place in line or focus
on just trying to get Target to work as
opposed to Best Buy. I wouldn't even try
the Best Buy app. That's my personal
advice. Best Buy, like Walmart, uses a Q
system where once you get in and you're
able to hit the add to cart, it'll say,
"Please wait," and you'll get a random
spot in line. What's very frustrating
about Best Buy is it can stay like that
for like 10, 15, 20 minutes and people
start getting frustrated. So, they
refresh or they try to leave the listing
and come back and that resets your whole
place and you've wasted everything
you've been waiting for and now you
probably are guaranteed not to get one.
So, my biggest tip for Best Buy is when
you get the please wait, do exactly what
it says and just wait. If you're lucky,
you'll get through. If you don't end up
getting through, it's not because you
did anything wrong. As long as you just
waited, it kind of sucks. After you get
past that, please wait if you're lucky
enough to actually let it add to cart.
Remember what I said. They only do
pickup in store. At that point, you're
going to choose which store you want.
However, sometimes Best Buy will say
that there's none within 200 miles of
you. If that's the case, leave the
Switch 2 in your cart and every couple
of minutes try to change the store again
because Best Buy will do waves where
even if it doesn't work right away, 5 to
10 minutes later when you go to select
the store, all of a sudden that stock is
there. It might also ask to send you a
code to verify you're not a bot. It'll
ask if you want that code sent by email
or by text. Always choose text because
the email can never show up or take 10
minutes, but the text is always instant.
So, obviously, you're going to want to
choose to get the text message if it
asks you that. Target doesn't have a Q
system. It's kind of the wild wild west.
You're just trying to buy one. However,
it's still pretty good against bot
protection because, like I said, it's a
limit of one, but it's pick up in store.
But obviously, remember I said the ship
to home option from Target sells out
really fast. That's what gets botted.
So, you're always better off doing
pickup in store from Target. And this is
one where PayPal, Red Card, or Apple Pay
works so much better than using a debit
or credit card. So, I cannot suggest
that enough. Remember, you can't save
those payment options on Target. But if
you save them to your browser and your
phone, then it will still remember when
you go to check out on Target. To do the
pickup in store, after you add it to
your cart, you'll go to choose a store.
It might show you stores that are in
stock but won't let you select them. If
that happens, you're not going to panic
because you watch this video and you
know, go back to the Target homepage,
change your home store for the store you
saw that had a lot of stock that you
were trying to switch to, and then go
back in. And this time it'll since it
defaults to your home store, it'll
already be set to the store with stock.
So, if it gives you that weird glitch
that stops so many people because you
know, because you're prepared, you'll be
able to add it to cart and hopefully
check out. And then for GameStop, like I
said, they have a Q system now. So, it's
kind of different. Like all the other
retailers, I I would try going for the
app and the website at the same time.
However, one little trick for GameStop
is sometimes if the app's not working,
which it is way better now, but if
actually going on the mobile website
from your phone can work better than the
website on your PC or using the app on
your phone. So, keep that in mind. And
also keep in mind for GameStop in
particular, don't use the Twitter, the
links you see on Twitter or the links
you see in my descriptions, don't use
the links you see massively shared
because for some reason that can screw
with GameStop as well and give you a bad
place in the queue or just not work at
all. It'll show out of stock when it's
really in stock when it sees all that
traffic coming from one source. It
doesn't like that. So, the way to go
around this is go on GameStop's website
after you get off this video, type in
Switch 2, find whichever bundle you want
to buy, and save that link. So, when it
comes time for GameStop, you're using
your own link to access it. Of course,
I'm going to provide the links, and yes,
some people that use my links will be
fine, but you'll have a much better
chance if you just generate your own.
It's going to be crazy at midnight on
launch day to try to keep track of all
this. But remember, you join my live
stream and I will tell you which
websites are failing, which you should
stop focusing on, which ones you should
go to, which payment methods are working
the best, which strategies are working
the best. I will coach you through it
and so will the chat in that live
stream. We're like a community and it
really increases your odds to attend the
live stream. So, it's going to be
happening at midnight Eastern time,
Thursday the 24th. Join my live stream.
If you subscribe with notifications on,
you'll see the live stream well in
advance. You'll see the start time for
you. I hope to see you there. This video
was really hard to keep. Not super long.
It obviously went over 20 minutes, but I
put a lot of work into it. The first
draft was an hour and I made sure to cut
any fluff I could and make it as concise
as possible. So, if you appreciate that,
please hit that like button. I will see
you in the live stream. I'm so excited.
And yes, this video is done. All right,
guys.