Hello everyone. I am Christopher. I hope
you guys are all doing well. It's my
first video back as a married
man. And today I want to go over how to
mod your Nintendo Switch for the latest
firmware
19.0.1. A lot of my old videos are
outdated due to the fact that the
sources I give got DMCA, so they're no
longer available. So, here I am again to
provide you guys with the new method on
how to mod your Nintendo Switch. And as
always, I'll provide my sources where
you can download the mods yourself. So,
if there ever is another firmware
update, these mods will update along
with them, keeping this video up to
date, as long as they don't get DMCA as
well. Now, please don't let the length
of this video deter you guys as I do
cover a lot of information in this
video. We're going to be going over how
to mod your Nintendo Switch, how to
install Android, how to install
Tinfoil, how to back up your saves using
JKSV, and how to update your Emunand if
you've modded your Switch in the past
and would like to update to the latest
firmware. Now, before we can start
modding our Nintendo Switch, we need a
few things. One, we're going to need a
unpatched version of the Nintendo
Switch. Typically, the version one. If
you have an OLED or a Switch Light, you
cannot do this tutorial. I am sorry that
you've come this far, but it's time to
close out. For those of you who do have
a version one unpatched Twitch, you're
also going to need an RCM jig. You'll
also need a micro SD card, preferably at
least 128 or more GB. You'll also need a
micro SD reader
adapter and a USBC cable. I recommend
using a high transfer rate USBC cable
cuz if you use any cheap
USBC, you may have issues trying to mod
your Switch. I forgot to mention for
those of you who prefer to download just
a mod pack instead of creating your own
from the sources that I list, I'll have
that readily available in my Discord in
the description down below. So, enough
of this intro. Let's get straight into
it. We're going to start off with is my
Switch patched. You're going to want to
select the prefix and select which
prefix matches your serial number, which
you can find at the bottom of your
Nintendo Switch. Or you can go into your
system settings and find your serial
information there. Once you have that,
you're going to want to input your first
six digits of your serial number and
then select check. And if you get this
green message, you can continue with
this tutorial because your Switch isn't
patched. If you get a yellow message
like this, that means your Switch may or
may not be patched. And the only way to
find out for sure would be to continue
with this tutorial and see if it works
for you. If you get a red message like
this, then sadly your Switch is patched
and you won't be able to follow this
tutorial. I've included a chart I found
on NH Switch Guide showing serial
numbers and whether or not they're
patched. You can pause and look for your
serial number here.
Now that we know our Switch is not
patched, let's continue with downloading
the files we need. We're going to start
with Hate, and the current version is
6.2.2. So, we're going to scroll down to
the download section, and we're going to
download Hekhat 6.2.2 zip file. Next,
we're going to download Atmosphere
1.8.0 and again, scroll to the bottom
and we're going to download the zip
file. Then, we're going to download the
Fuse or Fuzzy.bin file, whatever it's
called. Next, we're going to download
Tegra RCM. And for this, you can choose
to download the installer or the
portable zip, but I'm going to do the
installer. Next, we're going to need a
format or SD card. So, we can download
GUI format by selecting the photo and it
should be good to download. Or if that
doesn't work for you, we can download
Ease US Partition Master free. So, we're
going to select free download. And we
don't have to input our email. We can
exit out of that and just select
download again. and it should begin the
download. Next, we're going to download
the SIG patches from the GBA temp form.
We're going to select this file right
here under the attachment tab. And then
we're going to download SIS patch CIS
module
1.5.5. Next, we're going to download
some mods. So, we're going to download
Gold Leaf NRO and we're going to
download NX Shell
NRO. Then we're going to download NX
themes installer NRO and we're going to
download FTPD Pro and make sure you
download the NRO version. Next, we're
going to download
JKSV and we're going to download the
NRO. Next, from NH Switch Guide, we're
going to download the boot logo zip file
and the emu MMC text
file. Now, to get things started, we're
going to access our downloads. I'm just
going to drag the GUI format and ease
partition installers onto my desktop so
that way I can show you how each one of
them installs. Actually, before we do
that, let's back up any of our files on
our Nintendo Switch SD card onto our
computer. That way, we don't lose
anything when we format our SD card. So,
once that's finished, we're going to
format our SD card using GUI format. And
there is no installer. It should just
load up right away. and you can select
which drive you'd like to format. Make
sure you select the Switch SD card and
not your main hard drives. You can
verify which one is which by looking at
the total gigabytes on each drive. Then
we're going to leave the allocation size
as 32. And if you'd like to add a label
to your SD card, you can do so now. And
we're going to do a quick format and
select
start. If you get an error, just try
again. If you get an error where it says
the SD card is in use, make sure that
you don't have the folder open and exit
out of that. And if that doesn't work,
try ejecting the SD card and then
putting it back into your computer. And
if that doesn't work, you can try
restarting your computer and seeing if
that'll help. Now, here's an example of
GUI format formatting with no
issues. Now, if GUI format isn't working
for you, we can install Ease US
Partition Master Installer. So, we're
going to run the installation, and once
it installs, we're going to select done.
And it should load right up. And you're
going to want to select your SD card
drive, and we're going to select format
in the top right. And you can add a
label to it as well. Select FAT 32. And
we're going to select 32 KB. Once done,
select okay. And we're going to select
yes, and execute the task. Select apply.
And it'll format your SD card. Once
done, we can exit out. And now we can
start installing files into our SD card.
So we're going to start with
atmosphere. We're going to open the
folder and drag all its contents into
the SD
card. Then we're going to do
HICE and just drag the bootloadader into
the root of our SD card.
And what you're going to want to do with
the bin file is just drag that somewhere
onto your desktop or wherever you plan
to have Tegra RCM inject from. So, we're
going to put it on our desktop for
now. If you want, you can add these boot
logos into your SD card so you have
nicer looking loadouts when you run your
Switch. So, we'll just open that and
drag it into our SD
card. Now, we'll add our SIG patches to
our SD card. We're going to open up the
folder and drag and drop that into the
root of our SD
card. Next, we'll do SIS patch
1.5.5 and drag it into the root of our
SD
card. Okay, now that we have that done,
we're going to open up
bootloadaders, select payloads. We're
going to drag fusy.bin into our
payloads. We're going to go back once
and we're going to edit our heate
ipl.ini INI file. We're going to rename
it and remove the template. It's going
to ask us if we want to change the file
extension. We're going to select yes. If
you're unable to see or edit file
extensions on any of your files, you're
going to want to go to your search menu
and write show file extension. And under
file explorer, you're going to want to
turn on show file extensions. Now, this
method is for Windows 10 and 11. If you
have an older version of Windows, you
can Google search how to show file
extensions of files. Now, back to the
tutorial. Once you've done that, we can
go back to the root of our SD card and
in our atmosphere folder, we're going to
create a new folder and we're going to
label it host all
lowercase and we're going to drag our
emu MMC text file into that folder. Now,
we're going to go back to the root of
our SD card and we're going to create a
new text file.
and we're going to label it exosphere
and we're going to change it
toi and we're going to select yes and
we're going to open up the file and
we're going to copy and paste the text
in my description for exosphere and
paste it into this note document. Once
you've done that, you're going to want
to select save. Now we can close out.
And now we're going to go into our
Switch folder of our SD card. And we're
going to drag all those mods that we
downloaded earlier into our Switch
folder. And now we can go back to the
root of our SD card. And we can eject
our SD
card. Now we're going to install Tegra
RCM. So we're going to open up the
installer. Select next. It should say
install for you guys, but I for me it
says
modify. Once you finish the installer,
select finish. and Tegra RCM should open
up. Now, once it opens, you're going to
want to go to settings and install the
driver. It's going to say we're missing
it. So, we're going to select
yes, and it's going to take us to the
installation wizard. You're just going
to want to follow the instructions and
select finish. Then, you're going to
return to the payload tab and select
your payload. In order to do that, you
need to select the folder with the
magnifying glass. And if you remember
the hicc.bin in file we dragged onto our
desktop. We're going to select that as
our payload. Once you have your payload
selected, we're going to put our switch
into RCM mode. And in order to put your
switch into RCM mode, we're going to
connect our switch to our computer and
make sure it's completely turned off.
Then you want to grab your RCM
jig and slide it with the pins facing
down on the right Joy-Con
slot. Then press the power and plus
volume button at the same time.
You'll know you did this correctly by
hearing your computer make the USB
connection noise along with the switch
icon at the bottom of Tegra RCM go from
red no RCM to green RCM. Okay. Then
we're going to select inject payload.
And you should know everything went well
by reading the message at the bottom
that says smash the stack with a 0x7,000
byte setup. This is the only message
that you need to see. This is the only
message that you need to see when you
inject your switch. When you inject your
switch and you get any other message, it
means it failed. For example, if you get
a message that says smash the stack with
0
by000000 byt setup. Those of you who are
potentially patched, here is your
confirmation that your switch is in fact
patched. You can no longer continue with
this tutorial. Once you've successfully
modded your switch, you'll load up in
Hakate and you can enter your date and
time. Press okay. And now at our home
menu, we will select tools, partition SD
card. Press okay. And to create an emu
MMC, slide the red slider to 29 gigs. If
you'd like to add Android onto your
Switch, slide the Android slider to 16
or more
gigs. Since I will be installing Android
15 in this tutorial, I will select
dynamic. If you plan on installing
Android 10 or 11, make sure you select
legacy. Then press
start. Press power to
continue. Once finished, press
okay. Now close out and return
home and select emu MMC and create an
emu
MMC. We will then select SD partition
and select part one. Now let it do its
thing and this will take around 10
minutes. Then we can close out and
return to the home menu.
then select launch and we can launch our
emu MMC. And to verify we did it
correctly, we can go into our system
settings and scroll down to system. And
as you can see, I'm on
19.0.1 running atmosphere 1.8 and
running on my
emuan. And I didn't forget, once you're
done with all of that, you can grab your
Nintendo folder and drag it back into
your SD card. restoring all your files
that you had before you started modding
your
Switch. Now, in this section, I'm going
to demonstrate how to install Android
15. We're going to start off by setting
up ADB and fast boot. First, we're going
to download the Windows zip from
Google. Once that's downloaded, we're
going to open up the platform tools zip
file in our downloads and extract it to
our desktop. Now, depending on which
Windows operating system you have, your
steps may be a little different. Since I
have Windows 11, we will be following
the Windows 10/11
directions. We're going to open up the
Start menu and type advanced system
settings. Then, select view advanced
system settings. Click on the advanced
tab and open up the environment
variables window. Now we're going to
select path variable under system
variables and click the edit
button. Now click the new button and
insert the red text on the site in the
field. Then we'll close out by pressing
okay, okay, and
okay. Next, we're going to download USB
drivers. This will take us to a
different website where we will download
the Google USB driver zip. This will
open up the terms and conditions. just
accept and the download will
begin. And in our downloads, we're going
to open up the USB driver and drag it
onto our desktop. Now, in order to set
all of this up, we're going to need to
connect our Switch to our computer's USB
port. And from the Windows Explorer,
type device
manager. Once we have the device manager
open, we're going to want to locate our
switch. It can either be in your
Universal Serial Bus controllers or
Universal Serial Bus devices. If not,
you can check your portable devices or
other devices depending on which you
see. Now, since I did this before, my
Switch no longer shows up as a USB
device and shows up as an Android
device, as you can see. But the steps
are still the same. Once you locate your
Switch, you're going to want to
rightclick the name and then select
update driver. In the hardware update
wizard, you want to select browse my
computer. For driver software, you're
going to want to click browse and then
locate the USB driver. For me, I dragged
it into my desktop. Once you've located
your driver, you're going to click next
to install the
driver. Next, we're going to want to
download our build. We're going to
download Lineage 22.1, boot image,
recovery image, BL31,
BL33.bin,
Bootstr, and NXPlat. Once you have all
of these downloaded, we're going to go
into the root of our SD card and create
a new folder and label it switch
route. Open it up and create a new
folder and label it
install. Open the folder and we're going
to drag boot recovery and NXPlat into
the install
folder. Now we're going to go back once
and create a new folder. Label it
Android.
Inside this folder, we're going to drag
BL31 and 33 along with bootcr into this
folder. Next, we're going to open up
these image links in my description and
save these two images. We're going to
save this image and this white square
image as well. They should save
automatically as a BMP file. Do not
rename them. Now, drag these images into
the Android
folder. And now we can go back to the
root of our SD card and open up the
bootloadader folder and open up the INI
folder. Inside this folder, we're going
to create a new text document and label
it
android.ini. Select yes and open up the
text doc. Now we're going to copy and
paste the text in my description into
this note file. Then save and
quit. Now we're all set. we can eject
our SD card and reinject it into our
switch. Now, before we move on to our
Switch, we're going to download ARM
64. We are going to download the Mind
the Gaps 15 zip file. Now, back on our
Switch, we should be on the Hkhate menu.
We are going to select Nick settings.
We're going to dump our Joy-Con
Bluetooth so our JoyCons can work with
Android. Then, we'll press okay and
close out and return to the home menu.
Now select
tools, partition SD
card, select flash Android 13 plus, and
hit
continue. Then press continue again,
which should bring us to the Android
setup. Select factory reset, format
data, factory reset, then press format
data. Don't worry, this does not affect
our Switch SD card, so we won't lose
anything there. Now, before moving
forward, if you've disconnected your
Switch from your PC, make sure your
switch is connected to your PC. Once
connected, we can press
back and select apply update and select
apply from ADB. We're going to open the
platform tools folder and drag and drop
the lineage and mind the gap zip files
into the platform tools folder.
Now, back on the platform tools folder
in the explorer bar, we're going to type
cmd. This will open up our command
prompt. And now we can type adb
sideload and copy the lineage name
entirely, including the
extension.zip, and paste it into our cmd
like so. Then press
enter. If you get a security alert,
press allow.
And it should look something like this.
Now, let's let this finish doing the
installation. Once finished, back on our
switch, we're going to press apply,
update again, and apply from ADB. And
again, we're going to write in our cmd
ADB sideload, and copy and paste the
mind the gaps folder entirely, including
the extension, and press enter.
Now on our Android, we're going to get
stopped midway asking about the
signature verification failure. Press
yes and let it
finish. Once finished, press reboot
system.
Now, now this should load us back into
AATE. We're going to select more
configs, then launch Lineage OS. The
very first initial loadup will take a
long time, so I'm going to speed through
it. Now, this will bring us to the setup
process, and we're going to select
start. If you'd like to set up from
another device, you can, but for this
tutorial, I'm going to select skip. And
you could connect to Wi-Fi if you'd
like. You're also given the option to
sign into a Google account if you have
one. And again, I'm going to skip this.
Then, it gives us the terms and
conditions. We're going to select
accept. And I'm going to skip setting up
a PIN.
And I'm also going to skip the
restoration. Then we select
next. Next. You can also select whether
you want a dark or a light
[Music]
themed. You can also select the type of
navigation style you prefer. Then we'll
press next and select start. This will
boot us into Android on our Nintendo
Switch.
Now we can go to our settings. And in
our settings, we're going to slide on
the left until we find about
tablet and select about tablet. Tap the
build number seven times and it should
unlock developer
[Music]
options. Next, we can go to the switch
configuration where you can mess with
the performance settings. You can toggle
performance mode on or off. A warning
will appear telling you about
potentially damaging the battery if you
turn this on. So, the decision is up to
you. Then, if we scroll down, you can
turn off the external display when you
have your Switch docked running Android.
And that's pretty much it. We can reboot
back to Aate from Android. All you would
have to do is restart the Android and
hold minus down while it restarts.
Now, in this section, I'm going to
demonstrate how to install Tinfoil and
use Nut to install games. So, we're
going to go to Tinfoil.io and scroll
down to download Tinfoil 19
self-installer. Then, select download
self-installer. Next, we're going to
download NUT. This will open up GitHub.
So, you're going to download Nut.exe
along with Tinfoil Driver. .exe. Now, in
our downloads, we're going to want to
have our Switch SD card opened up and
open Tinfoil Installer and drag the
Switch folder into our SD
card. We're going to eject our SD card
and repeat the injection
process. Now, to verify I'm running
19.01 EMAND, we're going to go to system
and verify my firmware. And as you can
see, I'm running 19.0.1 0.1 and I am in
fact on an emoan. Now we will open up
our mod folder and select tinfoil
installer. This will install tinfoil
onto our
switch. Now back to our PC. You're going
to want to select the nut driver and run
the installation. Once you finish the
installation, you can run
nut.exe. Now at this point, we want to
connect our switch back to our PC using
our USBC cable.
On the top right of nut, you should see
it go from disconnected to connected.
This is where I mean having a quality
USBC cable comes into play. If you use
any old USBC cable, you may have issues
with your Switch being detected. Now,
we're going to select filters. This is
where we can set our preferences for
what we want to install in our Switch.
I'm going to include updates. Then, we
can go to local scan paths. We're going
to select browse and we're going to look
for wherever we have our ROMs located.
Once you found them, you're just going
to select the folder. You do not have to
open it. Now, we can go back to the
files tab and select scan. All our ROMs
should appear as a list. Make sure your
Switch is still connected. And on
Tinfoil, you're going to select file
browser USB and you should see all your
ROMs here. Select whatever you want to
download and run the install. If you get
a NA signature verification failure,
your game won't install. But don't
worry. To fix this, all you have to do
is go back to the menu and scroll down
to options and go to the install section
and select install unassigned code. Here
you want to enter this code. Up, up,
down, down, left, right, left, right, ba
plus. Now we can go back to the file
browser and select USB and try to
download our game again. This time we
have no
issue. And as you can see, we have a
progress bar on nut.exe and on our tin
foil. Once the game is finished
downloading, we can close out of Tinfoil
and we can select the game and it should
run like
[Music]
normal. And there we go. It's up and
running. Now you have Tinfoil to use to
install games on your Nintendo Switch.
Now in this section, I'm going to
demonstrate how to use JKSV to back up
your Nintendo Switch save files and to
transfer them between other Nintendo
Switches and between your PC if you use
emulation. I'm going to demonstrate how
to use the JKSV app by showing my Tears
of the Kingdom save file on my wife's
Switch. Notice the amount of hearts and
the type of inventory on this save file.
Now, let's compare it to my Yuzu save
file on my PC. Notice how I have the
duplicated Master Sword along with more
hard containers and I have glitched buff
foods in my
inventory. Now, I'm going to show how to
use JKSV to transfer the save files
between PC and/or consoles.
First, on our Switch, we're going to
want to open up a game title while
holding the R bumper, and it should open
up our homebrew
menu. Next, we're going to select the
JKSV
app. Once that's loaded, you're going to
want to select the profile save file you
want to back up. Then, you can choose to
rename the file or not. It's up to you.
But for this tutorial demonstration,
we're going to name it tutorial.
Then we let JKSV back up our save. And
once it's
done, we can access our SD card on our
PC. And you'll notice the folder named
JKSV on your SD card. Select it and then
open the titles folder. There you'll see
your backup save folder. Now, this
hasn't happened to me before where it
saves as a zip. Normally, it just saves
as a folder, but if it does save as a
zip for you, all you have to do is
extract it into the same folder and
delete the zip file and open up the
folder that we just
extracted. Now, if you're going to
transfer a save file from Yuzu to your
Twitch, you're going to want to open up
Yuzu. Then, select the game title whose
save you want to use and open up the
save data location folder. and we're
going to copy and paste the files from
our Yuzu folder into our JKSV folder on
our Switch SD
card. If you're trying to do Switch to
Yuzu, then it would just be vice
versa. Then you're going to eject the SD
card and put it back into your Switch.
Now, back on our Switch, we're going to
open up a game title and hold down the R
bumper again and open up JKSV.
Now, we're going to select your game
title again. And this time, instead of
creating a save point, we're going to
restore a save file by pressing Y. It's
going to ask us if we're sure we want to
restore this save. We're going to press
and hold
A. Now, we just wait for JKSV to restore
our save. And once that's finished, we
can open up our game title normally. And
there you go. Now, we have our Yuzu save
file on our Nintendo Switch.
And to verify that it's from Yuzu, you
can see I have the duplicated Master
Sword along with the glitched buff food
items on my Nintendo
Switch. Now, you shouldn't get banned
from transferring save files between
Nintendo Switches and your emulators on
your PC. The only way you may get banned
is if you use hacked save files, so I
don't recommend doing that. And in this
section, I'm going to demonstrate how to
update your Emunan to the latest
firmware using Daybreak and Tegra
Explorer. So on NH Switch Guide, we're
going to download Tegra Explorer. So
we'll click Tegra
Explorer, and we're going to download
Tegra Explorer.bin. Now on our Switch,
I'll show you how to connect to your
computer without having to eject your SD
card. We're going to start a title while
holding R. And this should open up our
homebrew menu. And we're going to scroll
all the way to USB file transfer. And
from there, we're going to connect our
we're going to connect our Switch to our
computer. Now we can access our SD card
remotely without having to remove
it. And now we're going to open up our
downloads and we'll open up the
bootloadader folder. and we'll go into
the payloads folder and we'll drag
explorer into our payloads. Now we'll go
back to our home room menu and we'll
reboot to payload. We'll press minus to
confirm. So once we're on the home
screen of our Hikate menu, we're going
to select payloads and then we're going
to select Tegra
Explorer.bin and it'll take us to where
we can dump our CISn firmware. So,
whatever current firmware your CISAN is
at, this will make a copy of that
firmware so that you can update your
Emunand using your CISAN firmware. So,
we're going to scroll down to scripts
and select firmware dump. Then, we're
going to select dump sis MMC and we're
going to press A to dump the firmware.
Now, this will take a couple of minutes,
so let's just speed it up. Once it's
finished, we can press any key to get
back to the main menu. Now, back at the
main menu, we're going to scroll up to
reboot bootloadader update.bin and
select A. And this will bring us back to
Kate. And now we can launch into our emu
MMC. And we're going to open up a title
while holding R. And this will bring us
to our homebrew menu. And we're going to
select
Daybreak. And we're going to select
install. And we're going to scroll down
and look for Tegra
Explorer. Once you find it, open up that
folder and select
firmware. Then you're going to select
whichever firmware you backed up. As of
right now, it's
19.01. Then we're going to select
continue and we're going to preserve our
settings. If you see the message warning
XFAT firmware is missing or corrupt, you
likely don't have the XFAT drivers
installed on your CIS MMC. So just press
continue if this is the case. But if it
is available, you want to choose install
FAT32 plus XFAT. Otherwise, you can just
install FAT32 and press continue. But in
this case, I'm already on 19.01, so I'm
not going to press continue. Then wait
until Daybreak completes installing the
dumped firmware. And once it's complete,
it will ask you to reboot. And once
rebooted, launch into your Emu MMC and
verify if your system works. And you can
verify if your system was properly
updated by going into your settings and
system. And that's everything we're
going to cover for this modding
tutorial. If you've come this far, thank
you guys so much for watching my video.
Whether you skimmed through it or you
watched its entirety, again, thank you
so much. It means a lot to me. If this
video has helped you guys at all, please
leave a like, comment, and subscribe.
And I hope to see you guys in my next
video. And as always, take it easy.
[Music]