Over the past eight years, we've
received countless Nintendo Switch
games. And with the Nintendo Switch 2,
the floodgates have been opened. Certain
Switch One games are getting Switch 2
editions. And this opens the door for
pretty much endless speculation because
literally any Switch One game can come
back, get new features, campaigns, or
DLC while looking and running that much
better on the Switch 2. This may explain
why so many high-profile games just
didn't get substantial DLC, like Mario
Odyssey and Super Mario Bros. Wonder,
just to name a few. Now, Nintendo will
most likely look to these Switch 2
edition games as padding, sort of like
how they viewed Wii U ports for the
original Switch's life cycle. Because of
that, none of the DLC we talk about here
is out of the question, except for maybe
one, but we'll get there, don't worry.
Also, this kind of got lost in the news
shuffle because, you know, there's a
whole new console coming out, but this
year marks the 40th anniversary for
Super Mario and Nintendo does enjoy
celebrating these big anniversaries.
Specifically, Mario's 35th anniversary
was probably how some of you guys found
this channel. stuff like Super Mario 3D
Allstars, 3D World plus Bowser's Fury.
However, with a new 3D Donkey Kong
platformer that's likely taking up the
big like 3D Mario spot for this year at
least, and an already packed launch year
for the Switch 2 to celebrate the 40th
anniversary, I believe we'll probably
get a decent amount of Mario Switch 1
games brought over to the Switch 2 with
new content as part of the Switch 2
edition. So, today I'm going to talk
about 10 Mario games from the Switch 1
that I want to see a Switch 2 edition
of, and I'll go over exactly what I'd
like to see in set edition as well.
First, let's start it off with the game
I'm sure you're all thinking of, Super
Mario Odyssey. Now, this is the one I'm
most confident we aren't getting, and
that's simply because Nintendo already
announced a free Switch 2 upgrade for
this game that will likely update the
visuals and resolution on top of
allowing the game to be shared through
the whole like virtual game card sharing
thing. However, if I could choose any
Mario game from Switch One to get a
Switch 2 edition, it would undoubtedly
be Odyssey. It is crazy that this game
never got a lick of DLC. And no, Luigi's
Balloon World doesn't count. That was a
fun and highly replayable side mode, but
well, it was just that, a side mode. I'm
talking like new kingdoms. Odyssey's
switch to edition in a dream world would
add the Delfino Detour. This would be a
completely revamped Isle Delfino,
basically a mega kingdom that takes some
of the most iconic levels from Super
Mario Sunshine and puts them together in
one huge kingdom. This would be
extraordinarily fitting since in Super
Mario Sunshine, all the levels take
place on the same island, being Isisle
Delfino. However, they were obviously
still segmented, like you had to jump
from level to level by jumping in those
random Mario Inc. things. Utilizing the
power of the Switch 2, however, the
original vision of Super Mario Sunshine
from all those years ago of a massive
connected island could finally be
realized as well. You would be just
placed on the island and you could get
from location to location, but it would
all be in one mega kingdom. Now, this
actually makes a lot of sense
considering Delfino Island was on the
world map in Odyssey. There were so many
rumors back in the day spanning through
Odyssey's release towards the end of
2017 all the way into 2018 about a
supposed Isle Delphino expansion. And
what's so exciting about this video and
like the premise of Switch 2 edition
games is that this is no longer just a
pie in the sky wish. They are going back
to Switch One games and adding new
content for the Switch 2 edition. So if
this were ever to happen, now would be
the most likely time. I really hope it
happens cuz the gameplay possibilities
here are endless. You could use Cappy to
control flood, which would let players
use the special nozzles that allow you
to either jump super high or run on
water. From a development perspective, I
don't even think this would be super
in-depth. I mean, you could already run
on water in Odyssey when you got one of
those rocket flowers. And again, all
they'd really have to do is design the
kingdom itself, probably model and
implement a few Isle Delphino specific
enemies and NPCs like catquacks and
pianas. But I mean, these Switch 2
editions with full extra campaigns like
Kirby and the Forgotten Land and Super
Mario Party Jamberee are being sold for
an additional $20. Paying $20 for one
big mega kingdom is something a lot of
people would do because we've just been
starred for any sort of 3D Mario content
and so many people would like to see DLC
for Odyssey. Hopefully, the Switch 2
edition would include some other stuff,
too. Maybe some more mini games, kind of
like the jump rope challenge type thing
scattered throughout previous kingdoms.
And I'd assume we'd get more costumes to
purchase at the Crazy Cap as well. Some
of them would likely be Super Mario
Sunshine inspired, specifically the ones
you can get with the purple regional
coins at Isisle Delfino. But Odyssey
came out all the way back in 2017. There
are likely tons of new costumes they
could add. In fact, we've done like a 50
new costumes video. So yeah. Okay, I'll
stop yapping about Odyssey cuz we still
have nine other games to get to, but
again, this is the one I want the most.
I'd assume this is the one most of you
guys want the most. It would be so so
cool. Please Nintendo, if we get a Mario
Odyssey Switch to Edition, give us the
Delfino detour. Next, we're going from
3D to 2D with Super Mario Bros. Wonder.
The Switch to Edition for this game
would feature a brand new campaign
titled The Mushroom Mixup. In this brand
new campaign, the Mushroom Kingdom,
which is, you know, the normal Mario
Kingdom, and the Flower Kingdom, which
is where Super Mario Wonder takes place,
collide with each other somehow, likely
through some Wonderflower shenanigans.
This would see Super Mario Wonder levels
splice together with Mario's more retro
levels from the original games like
Mario World. A whole new batch of Wonder
Flowers and Wonders Seeds would be
included. And just off the top of my
head, a wonders seed that forces you to
use like mouse controls would fit right
in with how weird some of them already
got in the base game. The possibilities
for new wonder effects are virtually
endless solely based off the inherent
fact of like, oh, you grab this flower
and then everything changes. Much like
Mario Odyssey, it's a shame that Super
Mario Wonder didn't get any DLC to flesh
out the great mechanics in the base
game. Alongside the campaign this time,
there would be actual boss fights and
not whatever these were in the base
game. Seriously, Wonder was great, but I
don't know what happened with the
bosses. Now, for each world or section
of the Mushroom Mixup campaign, there's
a specific boss you have to fight,
likely from Mario's past entries. Once
again, this is kind of a blend of the
new through the Flower Kingdom and the
old through the Mushroom Kingdom. You
could unlock new badges in this campaign
as well. A spin dash like from Galaxy
would be a great addition. There was
something like this in the base game,
but this one would actually damage
enemies and flip switches. The game
already looked great, but up close on
the big screen, you could kind of see
the resolution suffer a little bit. So,
on top of all the new content added in
the Switch 2 edition, upscaling Mario
Wonder to 4K and allowing it to run even
faster at 120 frames per second would
make this game look and feel amazing.
Next up, move aside Mario, we're talking
about your brother. The Nintendo Switch
2 edition of Luigi's Mansion 3 would be
titled Luigi's Mansion 3 plus Carnival
of Shadows. This would take place in a
theme park adjacent to the hotel that
the main game takes place in. Instead of
floors like the base game, each
attraction would be its own level with
the park as a whole serving as a hub.
This could include new portrait ghosts
for each ride, like a giant horse for a
merrygoround or I don't know, the dude
who died in a dunk tank. These games are
weird. Anyway, the coolest addition here
would be the integration of mouse mode.
For most of the games here, mouse mode
can't really enhance the game, but for
Luigi's Mansion, I think I would
actually prefer this mode to regular
controls. Sliding left or right to move
where Luigi points the poltergeus feels
like it would handle incredibly well.
This game already looked great on the
Nintendo Switch 1, but a 4K version of
Luigi's Mansion 3 optimized for Switch 2
may as well just straight up look like a
brand new Switch 2 game. The only
downside to this would be if we got it,
we'd have to wait that much longer to
see how good Luigi's Mansion 4 would
look on the Switch. But that's not a
good enough reason. And also the
Carnival of Shadows idea, I think, is
pretty sick. Next up, let's talk about
Mario and Luigi brotherhip. Yeah. So,
when Nintendo was showing off not just
Switch 2 Edition games, but games that
they're giving updates to improve
playability, aka increased frame rate
and resolution, Mario and Luigi
Brotherhip was suspiciously missing. And
that's suspicious because this game runs
like poop. Okay, that's a little
hyperbolic, but seriously, this is one
of the more poorly optimized Nintendo
Switch games. Definitely one of the
worst optimized Mario Nintendo Switch
games. But despite that, in my opinion,
this was a really good game. It didn't
do anything super crazy, but it was
pretty fun. Even without changing
problems with the gameplay, simply
reducing load times, which we've already
seen Nintendo Switch 2 editions do to
great effect, like with Breath of the
Wild and Tears of the Kingdom, would
make this game so much better. However,
that's not what we're here to talk
about. Introducing Mario and Luigi
Brotherhip plus partners in Grime.
That's right, partners in Grime would be
a brand new campaign that includes Wario
and Waluigi instead of Mario and Luigi.
This could take place on a brand new set
of islands or add on to the islands
already in Brothership. New Bros moves
would be hilarious as these two, well,
at least Wario has some uh interesting
source material to pull from, to say the
least. So, seeing him and Waluigi band
together to cross ledges, activate
switches, solve puzzles, and defeat
enemies in combat would be so much fun.
Their attacks could be completely
different as well. Warriio could use his
Warriland shoulder sprint move as an
attack, or Waluigi could use a tennis
racket to hit enemies. Okay. Okay. There
is no way this one will happen because
Bowser's Fury is literally already an
add-on. Kind of like a Switch 2 edition
game, but Super Mario 3D World Plus
Bowser's Fury is one of my favorite
games of all time. So, this is easily
one of the top Mario games that needs
DLC in a Switch 2 edition. So, hear me
out. Super Mario 3D World Plus Bowser's
Fury United. Silly name. Yeah, I know.
But it's hard cuz there was already a
plus in the name. I guess they could
just not give another subtitle and just
call it Super Mario 3D World Plus
Bowser's Fury Nintendo Switch 2 Edition.
But I mean, they can't do anything
without it being a mouthful. Anyway,
this new area would basically combine
the four-player co-op nature of 3D World
with the openw world gameplay of
Bowser's Fury to make a chaotic new
campaign. That's right, an openw world
3D Mario game, but with four players.
Yeah, sure. It's basically what we want
for the next 3D Mario game, but let me
dream here. Obviously, a brand new
campaign with new levels in an open
world lake style would be enough to sell
this new addition, but my mind is still
racing with new modes that could be
added alongside the new four-player open
world. For instance, a keepaway game
using the crown mechanic from 3D World
would be so much fun. In the original
game, whoever gets the most points
throughout a level gets the crown. It
was purely cosmetic, apart from giving
you an extra 5,000 points if you kept it
all the way to the flag pole of the next
level, but you could get it stolen from
you if you got hit or ground pounded by
another player. And this is honestly one
of the most fun things about playing
that game in co-op. I'm imagining a wide
open world like Bowser's Fury, but four
players trying to hold on to the crown
the longest. Having to platform away
from each other using items or even pie
to hold the crown the longest should be
so so so fun. Another mode could be 2v2
relays where you race each other through
different levels or platforming sections
to see who's the fastest. Maybe this is
all a pipe dream, but hey, the
ingredients are right there in 3D World
plus Bowser's Fury. So, I'd love to see
what a brand new open world 3D Mario
could look like with added co-op. This
game could also definitely use the
performance bump because although 3D
World runs like a charm, Bowser's Fury
suffered some big frame and resolution
drops, especially during the Fury Bowser
sequences. Just because 3D World is such
a special game to me, I'mma yap a little
bit more about it. Obviously, this idea
for a Switch 2 edition was pretty much
entirely focused on Bowser's Fury, or
well, a new version of Bowser's Fury.
But what if they just kept Bowser's Fury
the same and added to the base 3D World
campaign? Hey, I wouldn't complain.
There is so much they could add here.
New characters like Daisy with a double
jump, Yoshi with his flutter jump, or
Nabbit, who could be impervious to
enemies, acting as an easy mode. They
could also add brand new worlds as well.
3D World already has not one, not two,
not three, but four bonus worlds in the
form of the Star World, Mushroom,
Fireflower, and Crown World. What's one
more? Adding an extra additional bonus
world that has new levels more like
World Star than World's Mushroom and
Fireflower would be so so so cool. As in
my opinion, some of the extra levels in
World Star are the best in the game. I
really hope they would ramp up the
difficulty here, too. Champions Road is
so fun because it's so hard. There is
nothing more electric than sitting down
with three friends and just signing away
an hour or so of your life trying to
beat this one damn level with no
checkpoints. Obviously, new characters
would be sick. A brand new world would
be sick. Additions to Bowser's Fury
would be sick. Anything about this would
be sick. Will it happen? Probably not.
It's already a port, so it would be like
an addition of a port that already had
an expansion, but the addition has a new
Yeah, it doesn't really make sense. But
hey, we'll have to see. This whole
Switch 2 Edition thing is really new
territory for Nintendo, so anything is
possible. Next up, we have Super Mario
Maker 2. This is the only Nintendo
Switch 2 Edition game where I think
solely adding mouse mode could be the
entire selling point. Mario Maker 2 was
great, but mouse mode would make
creating levels 10 times easier. In
fact, this was like the first thing I
thought of when we initially saw mouse
mode teased in the original Switch 2
reveal trailer because man, yeah, it's
going to be nice to like aim in Metroid
Prime 4 with the mouse mode or, I don't
know, drive around a wheelchair in mouse
mode. But being able to use this in a
level editor for Mario Maker genuinely
seems like the perfect addition that
would already make Mario Maker 2 Switch
2 Edition a worthy upgrade. However, if
this is the dream scenario, then there's
a whole bunch of new content that could
be added as well. Let's expand on the
themes. It was crazy. They had a whole
section for new themes and only added 3D
world. They could literally do a galaxy
theme that incorporates gravity while
keeping everything 2D. Mario Wonder
would also be a great theme with
creating your own wonder seeds. I have
no clue how they could implement that
into a maker game, but we're dreaming
here, so let's just say it's possible.
There are so many new items that could
be added as well. Again, just taking
items from Wonder will do. The bubble,
drill, and elephant power-ups would be
great, but better yet, adding Mario
Wonders enemies would be amazing. That
game had an insane amount of unique
enemies, so sticking these in the Mario
Maker sandbox would open the door for
some crazy new levels. Something I don't
hear really talked about a ton when it
comes to Mario Maker is the bosses.
There's a good selection here, but I
think if they added bosses from across
the Mario lore, that would make this
game so much more exciting. New Super
Mario Bros. DS had some really fun
bosses, and even adding some original
ones would be cool as well. Anything
that helps increase variety for regular
levels is always appreciated. Although I
hope a Mario Maker 3 comes out, and it
definitely will, I would not hate at all
if that ended up being a game pretty
late into the Switch 2's life, like year
four or five. And hopefully later this
year to celebrate Mario's 40th
anniversary, we get Mario Maker Switch 2
Edition with a bit of new content and
mouse mode. After all, the original
Mario Maker on the Wii U was released to
celebrate Mario's 30th anniversary. So,
Mario Maker 2 Switch 2 edition for the
40th, it kind of makes sense. Next up,
let's talk about Mario Party Superstars
Ultimate Edition. I know what you're
saying. Mario Party Jamberee already has
a Switch 2 edition. Why would you give
Mario Party another one? Well, if you
don't know, Mario Party Jamberee Plus
Jamberee TV doesn't actually add any new
boards. In fact, as far as we know, the
only thing it adds is Jamberee TV, which
looks like a fun mode, but well, it is a
side mode. And I don't know about you
guys, but the side modes in Mario Party
are not why I play Mario Party. Jamberee
had a ton of side modes. Most of them
were boring, but it didn't matter cuz
that game had seven boards. Sure,
Jamberee TV could be fun for a bit. The
gimmicks of using the Switch 2 camera
will be novel the first time you play
them. But I play Mario Party exclusively
for the main Mario Party mode that takes
place on the board. So that's exactly
the content Superstars would get in a
Switch 2 edition. Superstars was great,
but it only had five boards, and they
were only from the N64 era of Mario
Party. In the Switch 2 edition of
Superstars, I would add five new boards,
one from each game taken from Mario
Party 4 through 8. So, in order, the
boards I would bring over are Goomba's
Greedy Gala from Mario Party 4, Pirate
Dream from Mario Party 5, Fair Square
from Mario Party 6, Pagota Peak from 7,
and Koopa's Tycoon Town from Mario Party
8. Yep, I'm doing it. I'm putting
Koopa's Tycoon Town in another video.
You can't stop me. This is my favorite
Mario Party board of all time. It is so
good. There's so many videos I've
already done talking about it, so I
won't yab too long here. But everything
about this board from the catchy music,
great visual style, and super unique
gimmick where you have to gamble or well
invest, what's the difference? coins
into different hotels, upgrading those
hotels and receiving anywhere from one
to three stars in the process. I'm not
sure why they only used N64 maps in
Superstars because although those games
are fun, the boards in my opinion were
not those games bright spots and they
got much better as the series went on. I
would also add some iconic mini games
that somehow didn't get included
already, like Hotel Goomba, Lift
Leapers, but most of all, Shake It Up. I
know this is just a motion control shake
spammer, but my goodness, it is so fun.
Next up, let's talk about a Nintendo
Switch 2 edition for Paper Mario: The
Thousand-Year Door. This would get a
brand new campaign titled Luigi's Waffle
Adventure. In this side campaign, you
would play as Luigi in his very own
adventure that takes place in Waffle
Land, saving Princess Eclair. If this
sounds like I've gone insane, I'm not
just spitting this off the dome. This is
literally just the adventure that he
explains to you at the end of
Thousand-Year Door. Now, it's played as
a joke since Luigi is doing all of this
while you're also on your adventure. So,
I guess that joke wouldn't be as funny,
but it's such a gimme for a Switch 2
edition. This would also turn
Thousand-Year Door into a 4K 60fps game.
Remember, the original remake on Switch
One ran at 30 fps, making this probably
one of the best looking Switch 2 edition
games out there, right behind the other
hypothetical Luigi's Mansion 3. because
the original already looked photoreal,
but once again, it ran at 1080p 30
frames per second. It was a pretty solid
30 frames per second, but 30 frames per
second nonetheless. Okay, here we go. I
didn't really want to touch any of the
Mario sports games in this video, as
those don't really feel suited for
Switch 2 editions, but Mario Striker
Battle League was such a damn
disappointment that I'd use a Switch 2
edition to fix it if I could. Welcome to
Mario Striker Battle League plus
Championship Clash. Battle League felt
super bare bones with a fun gameplay
loop but zero replayability or reason to
keep playing at all. So that's why for
the Switch 2 edition, I would add an
actual campaign. The entire game had
this sick sci-fi futuristic element to
it with characters coming out of portals
and the stadiums being spliced together.
There was even this weird Striker
Federation thing. It totally felt like a
campaign about battling aliens or
whatever was supposed to be here, but
just got cut due to time constraints. So
that's exactly what I would add in the
Switch 2 edition. Maybe some evil aliens
force the Mario gang to face them in
soccer space jam style to save the whole
Mushroom Kingdom. All I'm saying is that
if Mario's sports mix can have a mini
campaign, then so can Mario Strikers.
Get on it. All right, next up we have
Super Mario 3D Allstars We got Offs.
Okay, this is kind of a troll one since
there is no chance in hell this will
happen as in Nintendo's eyes, this game
doesn't even exist anymore. But this
would be the most appreciated Switch to
port in my humble opinion. Basically,
they could fix everything that sucked
about 3D Allstars. First things first,
oh my goodness, let Galaxy 2 into the
club, Nintendo. It has been said to
death at this point, but it is a crime
against humanity that in 3D Allstars,
they are excluding a home console 3D
game that was a sequel to a different
one that they included. This would be
such an easy port, as again, they
already have Galaxy on there. The
controls are already set, and there
could not possibly be an issue that
would arise in adding Galaxy 2 to this
game. They would also finally upscale
the games to 4K. and for the love of
God, make Mario 64 and Sunshine 60
frames per second. This was the cherry
on top for how lazy this collection was
that they didn't even bother upping the
FPS. Hey, if they wanted to, they could
even add mouse mode for the cursor in
Mario Galaxy and Galaxy 2. I don't know
how many people would use that as it
might make platforming a little bit more
tough, but it would be way more precise
than the gyroscope they currently use
cuz you have to recalibrate that thing
like every 30 seconds. This game would
also include actual anniversary content
like behind the scenes concept art, lost
levels, etc. you know, things you find
in an actual anniversary collection and
not just the three games and their
respective soundtracks. And finally, in
a dream world, this game does not have a
self-destruct date, and we can buy it
throughout the entire Switch to life
cycle. Again, this one's kind of a
troll. I doubt it happens. Maybe they do
it this year for Mario's 40th
anniversary, but even that seems like a
bit of a stretch. However, if it was up
to me, and you know, this video is up to
me, Super Mario 3D Allstars would be one
of the 10 games that just needs a Switch
to Edition. It is asking for, it's
begging for it. It's on its hands and
knees. These are some of the greatest
games of all time and one of the worst
collections of all time. Make it make
sense, Nintendo. Fix your past
transgressions and give us Super Mario
3D Allstars Nintendo Switch 2 Edition.
If you guys enjoyed this video, hit the
subscribe button because there is so
much more stuff to cover with Switch 2,
Switch 2 Editions, Mario games, and
everything about it. We're going to be
making a Mario's 40th anniversary video
going over what we realistically think
could actually happen. And spoiler
alert, some of these games are probably
going to be in that video. I do not
think it's that surprising if we get
some of this stuff even this year.
Obviously, tons of videos about Mario
Kart World in particular as well. I
don't know if I've ever been this
excited for a game, especially after
that direct. So, yeah, if you hit the
subscribe button to help us on our
journey to 300,000 subscribers, it would
mean so much. I'll see you guys in the
next one. I'm Thomas from the Switch
Stop signing off. Have a great day,
guys. Peace.