Welcome to the Nintendo podcast.
Amazing. Why is it 80?
Tell me. Tell me.
Cue the
intro.
intro. Tell me where the music
was. You're fired. I'm
fired. It's me, Robin, guys. Hi, Bat
Rob. Matt Max is fired.
Rip Rip Max. I'm sick of it.
Should I do the voice the whole time or
No, please. No. Oh god. I don't It's not
too bad though. You're doing okay. My
No, like my bat. You can breathe.
Where'd my background go? Where's the
bat background? I don't know. I didn't
touch anything.
This is falling apart. Fix the bat
background. How do I fix the bat? I'll
fix it.
Is it dawn? Yeah,
[Music]
it's fixed. It's fixed. We've done
it. I'm I'm Wait, go back. Yeah, do it
again. There you go.
Nice. We fixed it. We fixed the
background. So that's what that feels
like.
All
right, welcome in everybody. Everybody's
favorite Batman podcast slashwhite
knight slashdefender of the uh the poor
and the broken and the meek. I shall
always be here to protect those in need
cuz it is
I word
man. Um all right, we have a we have a
this really hard to talk in this mask by
the way. Beat him ups. Beat him ups man
for the B. I I beat him up. It's what I
do. This mask is so rigid and it's
cutting off all circulation and I don't
have ear holes and it's blocking my nose
hole. Why did they block it? Goes into
my
lip. I can't breathe. Why does it keep
stuttering? It's probably just the
thing. Yeah. Yeah, it's not stuttering
on my end. I'm watching the stream as
well. Okay. I would tell you, Batman. I
swear. All right. We got a Nintendo
Direct today. Let's just carry on with
the show. Uh, for Mario Kart World, a 15
16 minute and 51 second Mario Kart World
Direct. Why are you shaking your head?
You're just reacting to what I'm saying?
I'm just reacting to what you're saying.
Making sure you look great, by the way.
Thank you. I feel I feel great. I feel
you look re-energized. Like, ever since
I fired you last week and then rehired
you, you look like you have a whole new
lease on. Yeah, I'm trying to earn my
job back, guys. This is Well, now you're
an unpaid intern. You have to start back
at the ground floor.
Exactly. It's my last chance, guys. Ham
is still in Japan, by the way. Uh,
that's that's what we say. That's by
that he means we killed him. He's dead.
We killed him and we buried him in the
ground. Don't look for the
body.
Um, really struggling. I'm not going to
lie. This mask sucks. Uh, yeah. So, what
was I? Who's I think you need to take
the mask off. No, I got the I I need to
It needs to settle in. I Do you have the
Do you have the dock? Yeah, I got the
dock. We can get started. All right. So,
we had a Mario Kart World Direct. I
actually Can you You're logged in now.
Can you do a poll in chat? Do you know
how to do that? I think so. Now that
you're Now you have all the modding
abilities over there. Yeah. If you could
do a poll for is Mario Kart World worth
$80. Yes or no? Maybe I don't. You do
know how to do it as well. Okay. There's
a little plus button at the bottom of
the chat next to where you type in
things. You hit that plus.
I'll do it. Sorry. I'm trying. I'm
trying. It's you. You even said smiley
face so I know you're looking at it.
It's right next to it. Oh, that plus.
Okay. I see it. I It's hard to see in
this as opposed to what plus?
Uh, I'm doing it. I'm doing it. Host the
show. I got it. Is Mario Kart worth $80?
Yes or no? So, we had a Sorry to keep
repeating myself. We had a 15minute long
Mario Kart Direct. This whole time I
have been waiting for this direct to
pass final judgment to give my final
judgment call on whether or not I feel
like Mario Kart is 80. I feel like this
is very divisive
because there are people that think it
it looks like it's worth 80 and there
are people that are excited to buy the
game regardless. And I understand that
like especially if Mario Kart is your
favorite thing and it has always been
your favorite thing.
Um, and there's also an argument around
like video game prices. If you take into
account inflation for Mario Kart 8
released, it's like $85 now. So it's
like the same price considering
inflation. So there are people that are
making legitimate arguments for it and I
understand that. But I think where a lot
of us are coming from with the price
hike not being okay is if you're going
to go up to 80, maybe like give a
reason. Maybe have it be on a game where
it makes sense for it to be more. Not
like to be honest in the nicest way
possible another run-of-the-mill Mario
Kart game. Like I said it all in my
video, but yeah, it's flashy. It looks
good. It It should It's been 10 years
since the last one, but like what's it
really adding other than an open
world? So, we can talk about that. I
love how you're just trying to get
oxygen into your Yeah, I really can't
breathe. I could probably flip
this. Oh my
god. Oh, I can breathe. Do you have like
scissors? Like we could cut a nose hole.
He No, he's just every now and then I
would just lift this out so I can take a
a quick breath. Chad, he can't take off
his mask or he'd give away his identity.
You know who I am.
Um, it is going to be really hard to do
the show like this though. I'm not going
to lie. Don't do it the whole time. Your
face is getting red. You're making me
nervous. It's because it's it's cutting
off like oxygen like when I don't wear
it for it go.
Please. Um, should we watch the direct?
I mean, it's 15 minutes long. Like,
chat, what do you think? Like, is it
worth watching? I honestly feel like we
didn't really get anything new in it. I
mean, I personally think that you said
we were talking about it earlier and you
were like there was this and this and so
I I don't know if it's worth watching. I
mean, I can summarize what was new.
There's a rewind feature and uh in the
open world you can like collect coins.
Wow. So, like, yeah, definitely worth.
Can you collect $80 worth of coins?
People are saying watch it. I mean, all
right. I mean, we're here, right? Like,
this is the whole thing. It's only like
15 minutes, right? I guess it's all
right. I mean, I'm not going to have
much to say. Oh, some people are saying
no. We should I do another poll cuz it's
an overwhelmingly no for the Actually,
yeah. Okay. We're going to do a
poll. Should we react live to the Mario
Kart World Direct? Yes or
no? I didn't see the
Batmobile, so immediately he loses 10
points, but I did see that you could
play as a penguin now. And that reminds
me of Penguin.
And that's kind of cool cuz you know
Penguin and I, we go way back.
Oswald, it's a bad thing. It sounds like
you can play as Oswald. Well, it depends
who you
ask. There's there's two sides to
everybody just like two
fac is leading right now for watching.
Oh, you don't ever want to see it? It's
leading right now. Let me see what
they're saying.
Uh, Tito Martinez. Oh, by like 50%.
Yeah. Tino Martinez says, uh, not the
hero we need, but the hero we deserve.
That's me.
This is amazing. That's me. So chaotic.
Are you going to You want me to do the
music again? Hold on. Hold on. Lots of
things happening, guys.
I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
You got it. It's It's coming up.
[Music]
That's me, Batman.
It's not clean. Let's not get copyright.
[Laughter]
Um, let me just summarize it then. So,
we had a Nintendo Direct for the Mario
Kart. I keep repeating myself.
Don't make Batman repeat himself, guys.
And there was nothing new. I mean,
there's been that we had the the April
2nd trailer direct look at it. We had
like hours of Treehouse. We had I went
and played it at the experience in New
York and I showed you the footage.
There's the main mode, there's racing in
the open world, and then there's uh the
the knockout mode. You know, they did
add in it's kind it kind of I got to be
honest, and I'm just being so negative
now, kind of looks halfassed, but they
they did add in a battle mode where you
have the balloons and they added in
another version of battle mode that has
coins that you collect. But other than
that, yeah, I don't know. I just I don't
I don't know. I don't know if I'm
I don't know what I'm not seeing. You
know, people are saying that it's worth
80 to me. And if it's worth 80 to you,
that's 100%. Like, go for it. Like, get
it, man. Like, if Mario Kart's your
thing and it's worth 80 to you because
you love Mario Kart, get it. But you do
have to acknowledge that you are being
upcharged for your love for Mario Kart.
Like if you're saying like, "Yeah, it
doesn't look like it has anything going
on to make it worth 80, but I love Mario
Kart, so it's worth it to me." Then
you're paying for the IP. You're paying
for the privilege of Nintendo making
another one. Like, and I just feel like
that's where it's borderlining on like I
wish Nintendo had given us a reason. I
said this in my video today, but at
least with Tears of the Kingdom, they
gave us a good reason.
But in Mario Kart, they haven't given us
any reason. They just said it's worth
80. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't
even know if Tears of the Kingdom I
mean, I guess they gave us a reason why
we're paying more than we pay for the
Switch version, but I you know, I I
believe that it, you know, you should
lower the price of a video game after a
couple of years.
No, I mean, I I disagree on that one,
but I understand people feel like that
as far as like lowering the price on
games. I We talked about that last week,
but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to
reiterate stuff.
Um, yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I
just honestly I don't really even feel
like talking about it. Yeah. I put up a
whole video today. We react to it live.
Like, it just is what it is. It cost
$80. What are you going to do about it?
Yeah, we have some things to talk about
on the on
the on the dock. Oh my god.
I You're making me really nervous, guys.
How does he do this? If the stream goes
out, Wood has passed out. Just noticed I
was in the mirror, by the way, putting
on eyeliner and thinking to myself,
"This is what Batman does before he goes
to fight crime." He puts on eyeliner in
the mirror. Yeah. Yeah. Haven't you seen
the new uh the Batman with uh what's his
name? No, my screen keeps cutting out. I
can't see anything. Oh, it you look
good. It looks good. There we go. I came
back. Um all right. We're just going to
move on then. Unless, you
know, unless you guys have anything to
say about it or you want me, maybe I'll
open it up to chat quickly and then I'll
move on to something else.
$10 from Lago. Heywood, how do you feel
about Nintendo having done this before?
Castlevania 4 released for the price of
$72.99 in 1991, while other games were
40 and 60. Adjusted for inflation,
that's 175. Castlevania 4. Is that not
um cap? God, why am I blanking? Who
makes Castlevania? Because the mask is
too tight. It's not Nintendo. Konami.
Konami. Konami. Thank you. Sorry. Yeah,
that's Konami, isn't it? Yeah, it is
Konami. Why are we pinning that on
Nintendo? Uh, yeah, that's good. Don't
tell Nintendo, but I'm more excited
about Donkey Kong. I think we all are. I
think that's a unanimous thing. I think
we all are. Yeah, I agree. I've been
saying for a long time that we are lucky
when it comes to video game prices being
60 for so long. when they made the jump
to 70, I understood and I tried to
rationalize it with my audience and have
some conversations about it about how
$60 even 15 years ago is like $80, $90
now. And for some reason, video game
prices have never gone up with inflation
even though everything else has. Even
regardless of the fact that to make a
video game cost million dollar more now
than they used to 15 years ago. And then
you look at Super Nintendo days, games
were like 50, $60, $70 back then, which
is like $150 now. And those games cost
like a hundred grand to make. Like they
were made on such small
budgets. So we've been lucky that video
game prices haven't gone up. So when
they went up to 70, I was actually okay
with it. I was like, "All right, it
makes sense. We do need to start
increasing prices. If we expect
developers to invest millions of dollars
into the game, then the games are going
to cost more. They're going to go up
with inflation. The better quality the
game, the better the more they cost. But
we only just did 70 a short while ago.
to already do 80 is like, okay, let's
pump the brakes a little because then
it's going to be 90 in a couple of
years, 100 in a couple of years, and to
be honest, even if that's even if it
keeps going at this rate, because once
Nintendo does 80 and GTA most likely
does 100 cuz Rockstar is already talking
about charging more for that game, then
all of a sudden the floodgates are open
and Ubisoft can charge whatever and this
company can charge whatever. And I feel
like we are about to enter the wild west
of every company just doing this
variable pricing. So my thing is if
we're doing that now, if it's already
happening, can we have some explanation
as to why this game is 80 or why this
game is 100 or why this game is 50? Like
what's the explanation behind this one
being 80? Or is it all arbitrary and
it's 80 because you love Mario Kart?
What are you going to do, little piss
boy? That's what it feels like to me.
That's what it feels like. It feels like
we know this is going to sell a lot, so
we're going to charge as much as we can
for it. That's what it feels like to me.
That's it's what it feels like to
everybody. And I keep feeling like a
broken record, but they justified it
with Tears of the Kingdom. They made a
whole big deal about it. The developer
came out. He was like, "Look, we've been
working on this for 5 years. We've
poured so much love into this and so
much effort into this, so we're going to
have to charge 70." And it was in the
time of other companies just charging 70
because they felt like it. And here's
Nintendo doing it one time and they come
with an apology and an explanation. And
it was like, "Oh, okay." And it made us
like it made me happy to pay 70. I was
like, "Okay, I'll support you." Like
like giving $10 to a Patreon for a
YouTuber that I watch. It was like,
"Okay, I will support you in this
endeavor, Nintendo." But just saying 80
and not giving us a reason, it's like,
well then why did we have a whole to-do
about Tears of the Kingdom? And why is
Donkey Kong only 70? Does Donkey Kong
suck? These are questions. These are
questions that we've been asking, you
know? I agree. Anyway, I'm over it. I'm
also I can't do it. Please. I'm afraid
you're going to pass out.
Oh
god, dude. You really haven't seen the
recent Batman movie? You look exactly
like what's his name, dude? Robert
Patson. Robert Patson. You look exactly
like Robert. There is so much sweat in
this mask already from the 20 minutes
I've had it on. It was cutting into my
nose. Holy. Here I have a backup one. I
I bought a really expensive like movie
grade one for the bit and it's awesome.
Like that. It does look awesome, but god
damn. Here, I'm going to put on this
crappy one.
Oh, that's so much nicer. Can you
breathe? Yeah.
You were making me real nervous, dude.
Your face was getting red. Oh, is this
Yeah, cuz you're you're you're very
light. Yeah. Yeah. Your face was getting
very red.
That was brutal. I'm not going to lie.
So worried I'd have to give you like CPR
or something. Largo says, "Sorry,
Castlevania 4 was the one I remember.
Donkey Kong Country 2 was 80 on release.
Earthbound was 90. Yeah. Back in Super
Nintendo days, prices were like the Wild
West and then they got locked in at 60.
Yeah. And they've been 60 for a long
time. I mean, if you if you're okay with
going back to the Wild West, I mean, you
think about what $80 is back then, now
it's like $150, $160 or something. And
we're literally entering a recession
right now. Yeah. Like entering people
can't afford it. Like, okay, you want to
go back to $150 games essentially
adjusted for inflation for every game? I
mean,
I don't know. I'd be playing a lot more
indies, I'll tell you that, because I
I'm not My whole career is games, and I
wouldn't even be buying games at 150
unless I explicitly had to review them
or wanted to review them. Yeah. But, you
know, like like some I'm looking over
there at my games like Metaphor came out
recently. Uh uh I picked up that plague
the plague tale sequel. Those are for
funsies for me. I didn't really talk
about them really. I think I talked
about metaphor in the end quickly, but
if they were 150 nah. Yeah, I would get
those when they were 40 on sale. But
yeah, recently I mean, you know, I I I
I'm I'm a gamer on a budget and recently
I I don't buy games when they come out
because they always go on sale. I I
won't buy a new game unless it has a
multiplayer that I'm interested in.
Yeah, that makes sense. I I'm I'm big
into picking up multiplayer games lately
because they they're always free and you
can play them with friends. Yeah,
exactly. But, you know, like like for
example, if like Gears of War 6 came
out, I would buy that right away because
I'd want to be there if it was when it
was shooting. Uh I wouldn't buy it at
150. What's your limit? My limit? Um
honestly, my limit is like $80. Yeah.
Like if I could afford if if when Mario
when the new Switch comes out, if I can
get the new Switch, I will get Mario
Kart, but the 80 is 80 is my absolute
limit. I don't wouldn't buy anything for
more than that. I think what's going to
happen here in all honesty is uh we're
all annoyed because it's not what it's
not essentially what we agreed to. Not
that we really actually agreed to
anything or we have any say in it, but I
think we all as a as a community kind of
let the $70 thing happen without too
much of a stink because we understood.
But I think what's about to happen is
we're about to enter the wild west again
of $80 games and then as I said GDA
doing the hundred and what's going to
happen is people are going to be pissed
and then people are not going to get
over it but they're going to get bored
of being upset and it's all going to
level out and people are going to buy
games and that's just what it is. And
you know you think about um if if I can
try and draw a correlation that maybe
doesn't work here. You think about you
go to Starbucks now and you get a I went
to Starbucks yesterday and I got a nitro
cold brew and I asked them to put a
little bit of cream in and it was $7.50
and as I bought it I was like this co
this this coffee they're pouring from a
tap is
$7.50. Wouldn't they sell twice as much
if it was $4 or $3? Like who's paying
$7? You obviously. But the reality is I
went and I bought it for $7. And clearly
that company justifies marking it up at
that price. Even though in my brain I'm
like, you'd sell twice as much at half
the price. And I think that's what's
happening here. I think these companies
like Nintendo, they know that a lot of
people aren't going to be able to afford
it. They know that a lot of people won't
buy it at 80, but they know that that a
lot of people will buy it at 80 and it
will make up the difference because for
every what eight people that buy it, for
one that boycots, they've made the
boycott back. Yeah, I guess. And there
are people that will buy it. So
ultimately we can sit here and be like
no one's going to buy it if they raise
the price to 100. But if five people buy
it at 100, that makes up for the one guy
that doesn't. So it's the same if if
five
guys the restaurant. No. If if 10 people
come through a Starbucks drive-thru and
buy a $7 coffee, it makes up for the
three people that didn't because it was
too expensive. That's just you can't
It's just the world we live in. I guess
that's just what it's going to be. So,
people are going to be upset and then
people are going to get over it and
they're either going to buy the prices
or they're not going to be able to
afford them. And that's the reality of
what's about to happen. And that's why
people are upset and they're upset at
Nintendo right now because Nintendo are
the ones that's pulling the trigger to
begin with cuz they're the first people
to do it, but they are not going to be
the last. This is the start. Honestly,
if they didn't do it, GTA would have and
then Rockstar would have got all the
flack and they probably still will. But,
uh, yeah, Nintendo are just the first to
do it. So they're copying all the crap
and that's the real that's what I think
the reality is of what's happening right
now. I mean GTA is going to be like
$100. Am I wrong? Isn't that like what
people I think it's going to be like a
hundred bucks. The guy someone making
GTA or like the publisher or something
they said that games should be charged
on a price value of hours
played which
makes zero sense to me
cuz I could I've played Stardew Valley
for like 300 hours and that game was
$15. What am I supposed to do? who pay a
hundred bucks for Stardew Valley. Yeah,
I don't know. That makes no sense to me.
There's like Ratchet and Clank was 8
hours long. Big budget game. All this
music, effects, really quality game.
That was 70. It was 8 hours long,
though. So, shouldn't that game be like
20 bucks? Yeah, that's a great question.
I have dumb I have a question for you. I
mean, I'm a movie guy. You're more of a
game guy. What Why are games so much
more expensive than movies?
It's a good question. Let me break it
down. Let me think about it. Let me give
me let me give me a second. What game?
What movie? Uh let's Okay, let's just
say uh well, should I start googling
like prices of like like how much like
the most recent Captain America movie,
for example, cost and like how the movie
tickets haven't gone up from 20 and like
knock on godamn wood, please. Yeah, I
guess movies. I mean, they're 20 bucks
or like the the the Blu-rays or whatever
are 30, but like you watch them in an
hour, so I don't know if they can
justify like charging anymore cuz who
and it's someone's time you're asking
for, I think, when you make a movie. So,
who's going to value their time at like
$80 for an hour of watching a movie?
Yeah. I don't know if it's so much about
justifying the movie, but I mean the
cost of making a movie is probably
similar to the cost of making a game.
Yeah. In in many cases, I would agree
with that. Yeah. So then why would the
price be so different? Because I mean,
you're still experiencing the movie and
the movie will live in your mind.
Um I don't really have an answer for you
right now. That That's fair. You're
raising a great question. Yeah. that
maybe chat can uh can give an answer to
what that what that could be. I think I
think video
games. Look up uh let's do some
googling. Let's figure this out. Let's
get to the bottom of this. I'm down. How
much did Captain America cost to make?
Let's ride this thought train.
It costs a hundred plus dollars to take
your family to the movies for two hours.
That's a good point. You do have to pay
per person. Per person. That's actually
a great point. I didn't even think about
that. Thank you for whoever said that.
Uh do you think the gaming will become
more of a status symbol based on the
pricing in this economy? That would be a
consequence of the Starbucks analogy.
That's also a very good question. This
is getting very thoughtful for Batman.
Um sure, maybe possibly depends how
expensive it gets. I think more so in
reality is a lot of people buy a lot of
games. I don't know what the it'd be
interesting to look at the average
household for a gamer how many games
they buy a year. I think in reality
people will pick and choose games more
carefully. So I don't think people that
really wanted to buy GTA 5 or 6 won't
buy it cuz it's 100. I think they won't
buy two other games because they'll want
to save up for GTA 6. So, I think the
the money, the pricing, the wealth or
whatever will get split differently
between games in a household at that
point. Um, cuz I my point is I think
most gamers, most gaming people buy
multiple games a year. I wouldn't even
be surprised if most gamers buy at least
one game a month or something like that
on average. I'd be interested to know
what the actual average is on that. And
it would probably just cut down how much
people are buying games, but they would
prioritize the ones they really want.
Please say swear to me. Swear to
me. Where is
she? Where are the drugs going? GTA is
100. Also, that's a good point. I am
working under the assumption that GTA
will be 100. You hear I hit the T in
that cuz most people make fun of me for
calling it GTA. GDA. Okay. So, I got
some numbers for you. You ready for
them? Yeah. One second. No problem. So,
my assump my assumption based on what
people that work at Rockstar and the
publishers and developers are saying is
that this game is going to cost anywhere
between $100 to $115. That's the rumor
because uh yeah, that's just the rumor
that that that is coming out of Rockstar
that's going to cost a lot of money cuz
it it this is the the most expensive
game ever made and they're trying to get
money back, I guess. I don't know. Ask
them. Hit me.
Okay. So, according to some quick
research, um, The Breath of the Wild,
Legend of Zelda was 100 million to make.
Yeah. And Captain America: Brave New
World, the most recent Captain America
was 180 million. Okay. So, like half the
price. Uh, a little bit a little bit
more than half. Yeah. But yeah, I little
less than half. You mean I'm terrible at
math, so you're right. I'm I'm not going
to correct. Yeah. And then Tears of the
Kingdom sold for 70, but then tickets to
the movie sold for 20.
Yeah. So, why why are we doing the
question? Give me a minute.
Um, that's an average, too. 20 because
I've been to the cinema near me and like
watched movies in IMAX or 3D or whatever
for an adult and it's been like $30 a
ticket or like $32 a ticket and then Kim
and I both get a ticket and now we're at
like 60. I've legitimately gone to date
nights with Kim for like 60 bucks for a
ticket. So, um, and then as someone in
chat pointed out, you go with friends or
you go with a whole family, it can
easily start approaching a hundred. So,
I think there is a closer one for one
there than we realize. But also, again,
you have to think about even though one
cost this much and one cost this much,
the entertainment value from a movie is
only about an hour and a half. And you
can only ask people so much for that
hour and a half. And the most I've seen
them ask for that is like 30 bucks. And
I think when you when you ask someone to
pay $80 to go watch a I don't think
anyone's going to do that. They're going
to wait for a streaming service or
something. So question. Do you So you
think that it's not worth buying Breath
of the Wild if you're not going to beat
it.
Um yeah, I that's pretty fair. I think
Yeah, I think so. Like if you're not if
you buy a game for full price and you
don't think you're going to beat it or
you don't think you're going to put
enough time into it to get your money
out of it, yeah, I'd say it's not worth
it. You should definitely buy a game you
think you'll commit to finishing. I know
sometimes you don't always know that
going into it, but yeah, I mean, if the
blanket question is, is it worth 60 if
you don't finish it? I I think there's
diminishing returns at some point. I
think if I was to, this is random, but
if I was to put $60 on Breath of the
Wild, I would say after like 20 25
hours, you've probably got your money
back and then you push through to the
end and it's a pretty good value game
considering other 60s on the market at
the time. But that's just a I'm just
throwing things out there roughly. Just
thinking off the top of my dome. Yeah. I
mean I mean this we could go forever on
like you know why is the camera two
button not working. Um it has stopped
working. Okay but anyway two has stopped
working. Yeah look
unplug and replplug in the stream deck
and see if it helps. You got to go by
the USB. Go follow the cord. Don't pull
out the wrong thing.
Um okay when you see a movie you're just
renting it there. No ownership. No
replays. That's another good point. I
will say that you also don't own a video
game when you buy it, but that's
semantics because you do technically
have the right to keep playing it. Okay,
you can see me now. Um, yeah, I mean, we
could go into forever about, you know,
the the the amount of I think a more
comparable comparison is like buying the
movie, like buying the Blu-ray for like
$30. Um, because going to a movie, you
are also paying uh you're you're kind of
paying a fee to use the facility, right?
like the people work there, they keep it
clean. That's all counted into that
ticket as well. So, I think a more
comparable comparison there is buying a
Blu-ray, which again, you buy a Blu-ray
at home, 30 bucks, everyone could watch
it and you can lend it out and borrow
it. So, that probably is a better
comparison to a video game, but again,
it's like an hour and a
half. So, and most people watch a movie
once, maybe twice. Mhm. So, I think it's
just the the value proposition that that
media gives somebody also is factored
into the value, not just how much money
it makes.
Yeah. To make it, I guess. I mean, I'm
just curious because it's like it it as
you can see from those numbers, it costs
almost the same if not more to make a
movie. Someone said Blu-rays are 10 to
20. I want to live in that world. Uh
they're 10 to 20 like after a couple
years. After a while. Yeah. On sale. But
new ones are like 30 bucks. Yeah,
definitely.
Um,
yeah, I'm just talking out my ass
really. I'm just being asked questions
and I'm trying to answer them. Um,
yeah, I don't know. It's just this is
this is just the situation we're in. I
don't know. I don't control it. People
are saying movies don't get patches.
That's not always true on Disney Plus,
but then on you watch the original Star
Wars before all the CGI. That's the
ultimate patch before he came in and he
patched it. The George Lucas patch.
Yeah. I mean, video games do get
patches. That's true. And DLC and
support post
launch. I I don't know. I don't know
what that I really don't know what that
conversation. I don't I would like to
know. Okay. So, let's try this. Okay.
It cost 100 million to make what? Breath
of the Wild. Yeah. And Breath of the
Wild sold about 30 million copies. That
that I don't know. It It did. Yes, I
believe you. 30 million times
60. That's
$180 million. Mhm. So, it cost them a h
100red million to make. They made 180
million. So, they almost doubled their
profits. That's not a crazy if my math
is correct. That's not a crazy profit
margin. Like it's almost like double,
but you would hope, you know, when you
make anything, you hope to double your
money on it, right? For the most part. I
mean, that's like bare minimum, maybe.
Maybe I'm wrong. I don't think it's that
crazy of a profit. It's not like, you
know, it cost him a hundred million and
they made a billion. It cost them a
hundred million and they made what?
180. I'm just talking out loud. I'm just
I'm just
theorizing. 1.8
billion. Oh, yeah. Was my Was my math
way off? Maybe. I didn't I didn't do 60
times. Hold on. Let me do it again. I'm
Batman. I don't have to do math. Yeah, a
lot of people are saying billion. 60
times 30 million. You forgot a zero.
Yeah, a couple people are saying Yeah, I
forgot a zero. Thanks, chat. Yeah, it's
1.8 billion. Yeah. God damn, I'm so
dumb.
Um, the world's greatest detectctor made
a pissload of money on that, didn't
they? They sure did. They made a piss
load.
Holy, that's a huge margin of That's
insane. Okay, if I could just jump in
real quick. Uh, we got somebody that
said, "Did it not take 5 years to make
Breath of the Wild?" Okay, so movies do
take that long. You may not think that
because they're shot in 6 months, but
like writing it, getting everybody on
board minimum. Yeah, normally, you know
what I mean? I would say it would take 5
years, especially in like the Marvel
Cinematic Universe. You got to make sure
everything fits together. So, you're I
don't know if it'll if it'll tell you. I
wouldn't be surprised if they turn
Marvel movies around from from inception
to release. And you have to count in
marketing and everything, too. 3 years.
I mean, there's usually a pretty long
wind. They don't just like I know they
seem rushed sometimes, but they don't
just call up all the actors and they're
like, "Hey, can you meet us next week?
were going to start shooting a Captain
America. There is actually quite a lot
of planning. Max is right. I would say
you could probably turn a Marvel movie
around in 3 years.
I'm doing some Googling. Uh, what would
a good $100 game look like to you? Um,
probably GTA. I mean, I haven't seen it,
but you know, with how long they've been
working on it and the quality of Red
Dead, um, I'm willing to believe GTA
would be a $100 game.
Will Zelda cost 120? Greetings from
Brooklyn. Who
knows? Who knows? I mean, at this point,
I'm honestly kind of sick of it. I don't
know what to say. Like, what are we
going to do? There's nothing we can do.
They're not going to change anything.
So, this is this is it now. Games games
Games have variable pricing now. There's
no set pricing to video games. Bravely
Default Flying Fairy is 40, I think,
which is a good sign. I mean, it might
be just like a good favor from Nintendo
that they made that one 40, but at the
same time, I don't really even want to
buy or play that one, so it doesn't
really help me. Um, Donkey Kong's only
70, but I could definitely see the next
Zelda being 80. There's no shot it's
not. The next Mario 3D World, that's 80,
you know, unless they go higher. That
sucks. That's so sad.
I heard GTA 6 will cost 120. There's
rumors all over the place for that. Um
to answer your question, you were right.
About 3 years.
Yeah. Um which is still like a lot of
some game developments take three years.
Most most take three years actually.
Zelda Zelda is like a special case.
Special case. I took a long time on
that. Um $40 card key game. Yeah, the
card key game doesn't matter though in
in that uh situation cuz it's still 40
digital and you know Mario Kart's 80
digital, 80 physical. So, I know the
card key sucks, but it's a different
It's a different conversation. It's a
different kind of
sock. It's a different kind of suck, but
I agree with you. It does
suck. Uh, do you have any news about the
Hory Splitpad Pro? No, I don't. But I do
appreciate the conversation shift. We
could we could just change conversation
at this point, honestly. Um, I do,
honestly, I'm I'm I'm kind of over it.
I've been up since 8 a.m. Uh, I reacted
to the direct. I gave all of my thoughts
that are live on the direct still that I
was pretty disappointed. I made a beat
him ups video pretty disappointed and
then we've talked about it in this
pretty disappointed. I want to reiterate
again where my disappointment is coming
from. It's just from Nintendo I guess
the the the the air of arrogance it
almost feels like that they didn't have
to justify it and it's just like yeah
it's 80 now because it's really good
guys trust us we promise. um just kind
of feels like a little bit of a slap in
the face after Taser the Kingdom. They
went so out of their way to justify 70.
It's just now it's 80 and you also have
to pay more for the console and you also
have to uh pay for our packing game and
also the C button. You have to pay for
that too. And also we're adding in a a
camera that you can buy as an add-on and
that's $50. Just there's just a lot
happening I think. Um, and also I said
this in my video and I found this out
today, but a lot of people are saying,
"Oh, but there's a bundle. You can get
it in the bundle and it's $30 cheaper."
That's only until fall or while stocks
last and then uh you have to There is no
bundle after that. So, unless you get
one day one, which is obviously why
they're doing that, which is a smart
idea and a lot of people will do that at
launch. Uh, yeah, it's still an $80
game. That bundle doesn't change that
it's an $80 game. It's kind of a moot
point in my opinion, but at launch, yes,
you can save money if you don't care
that you're getting it digital, but
yeah, that is a good deal. I recommend
it. Aren't you a Aren't you a
billionaire though? Can't you afford it?
That's true. I can afford
everything. Look, also to Max's point, I
can't afford it, you know, especially
cuz I claim it all on taxes. I can
afford it. Mhm. But that doesn't mean
that I'm not going to be annoyed by it
or upset by it or like feel like
Nintendo are taking advantage of us and
the fact that I can afford it, you know,
in that case. Um, and also like my
audience, my audience wants to be able
to afford it. My audience wants to be
able to buy it. And I would love as a
creator to be able to say to you guys, I
can see its value. I can see it's worth
80. If you can't afford it, that sucks.
But I can see its value and I do think
it's worth it. And it makes sense and
it's cool that Nintendo have put this
much work into it even though they knew
they'd have to charge more or something
like that, you know, but I can't say
that because I legitimately can't see
it. So, I'm just stuck in this weird
position where like I'm excited for the
game. I think it looks like a fun Mario
Kart. Uh, but I don't see $80 and that's
it. That's my whole thing. That's my
whole take. Take it or leave it. Sorry
about
it. Love you though. Uh, if I could just
jump in real just I know we're trying to
move on. We will. But just to answer one
question, we got $2. Luis, uh, he says,
uh, do we know how long it took them to
make Mario Kart World? Apparently that
also took three years. Oh, yeah. Did you
Google that? I sure did. Wow. That's who
who said that?
Who asked the question? Who said who
said it took three years? Uh, Google.
Oh. Um, I don't know how true it is, but
that's Well, what did they say? Cuz
sometimes they link articles that you
can click on and make sure and double
check. Uh cuz I assumed at 80 they've
been working on it for like 10
years. All right. Well, Max finds that.
[Music]
Um yeah. Can we get a vibe check on
chat? Like how do you feel about what
I'm saying? Is it fairly on point? Are
you mostly agreeing? Do you think I'm
off base? Um is there anything else you
want to ask? Should we just move on?
because at this point I feel like it's
time for everybody to move on.
Unfortunately, I I feel like it just is
what it is and there's nothing we can do
about it. So, it came up in the uh Mario
Kart World Wikipedia.
Okay. Well, I'll just I'll just believe
you. I'll believe you and I'll believe
the Wikipedia. Okay. Source it. I No,
they definitely sourced it. That's why
I'm bringing up Wikipedia. Oh, okay. But
yeah, um that's that's that's where um
it's definitely there. Chat is saying,
"Agree." I'm going to read it in order
so I'm not cherry-picking. On point. I
agree with Batman. Agreed. On point. On
point. 100% agreed. Based. Yes. And sad.
Agreed. Same. Agree. Drop the price.
Nope. You right. Nintendo are a joke.
Completely fair. All right. So, I feel
good about that. Common sensus is pretty
good about that. Before we pivot into
the next thing, um, speaking of agreeing
with
me. I want to thank you guys uh for uh
the last episode. I uh we ended it on
kind of a rough note. I hit the
microphone. Is everything okay? Yeah.
You made a face. I thought I messed it
up. No, I'm sorry. Don't look at my
faces. I I will face constantly. I will
look directly in your eyes. I will look
directly. You're all I've got. I've lost
everybody else. I will look directly in
your eyes if we're in trouble. But I
It's not going to help cuz I can't see.
Ham perished in a
fire. Now he's burnt ham. Oh, that
sounds good. Actually, I would eat that.
I'd eat burnt ham. Uh yeah, last episode
kind of got uh it was kind of a a weird
thing at the end there. And um you know
we ended and some comments came in
initially and I was like I can't even
read this and I kind of kind of welloed
in self-pity there for a couple of days
and then I just got over it and I
refused to look at the comments cuz I
just it's I was trying to listen to E
and Bob screaming in my ear not to look
at comments. So I just refused to look
at them and just assumed it was a a
complete uh [ __ ] show. And then before
we went live yesterday and I was getting
all my Batman stuff together, I was
like, "Let's let's get ahead of it so I
can actually read what the comments
were." And uh you made my night. They
were all actually awesome. I was
completely surprised and taken off
guard. Very sweet, very wholesome. Um I
appreciate everything everyone said and
it it uh made me excited to sit here and
be Batman. It made Batman a lot more fun
and a lot less spiteful. So I appreciate
that a lot. Thank you.
Are you still interested about the Mario
Kart stuff that I that we were talking
about? Let's we can talk. Let's just do
it. So, I looked up uh the Wikipedia. I
followed the the links and it got it
sent me to the website the direct.com
and basically it's it's a rumor about
the two to three years. So, it could be
long. That's why I wanted to double
check cuz they haven't made one in a
while, but they were working on DLC. So,
it's hard to say, but uh I mean, from
what I can tell, this is a reliable
source, but it's they're saying it's a
rumor as well. So, I I know I keep
saying it. I just I just want to
know why they think it's 80 because Doug
said they're doing variable pricing now
and when they determine something is
worth more, they're going to charge
more. And I'm I'm actually not too
against that.
Like I said this last week, God, I can't
shut up. I said this last week. If
Nintendo do this and do it correctly to
to appease their fans, right, in a way
that makes us
happy, then good for them. If they can
figure that out, if Sony then comes
along and they're like, "Oh, Nintendo's
charging more. All our games are 100
now." That's not Nintendo's fault,
right? That's Sony's fault. Mhm. Okay.
So, if Nintendo want to do this, I don't
mind so much the idea behind them doing
it. But if they're going to do it and
they're going to say it's variable
pricing based on what we deem is worth
more, then tell us why it's worth more.
That's it. That's all I want. Why is
this worth more? Did it take you seven
years to make it? Is there more content
in this game than any other Mario game
by like a lot? Because I would argue
that the last Mario Kart had just as
much content. I know there's like a
thousand characters in this one, but I
didn't ask to play as a
cow. The cow's pretty sick, though.
Also, can I say something about this? I
did not see the Yoshi bike in any of the
promotional stuff. I have not seen the
Yoshi bike. I'm sure it'll be in there.
This feels almost like a like a You know
what? I'm not sure. I don't know why I
said that. I'm going to revolt if
there's no Yoshi. I don't know why I
said that. I don't know why I instantly
went on the back foot. I didn't see it
either. And you know what? It sucks.
Yeah, I agree with you. I love the Yoshi
bike. What's your What's your go-to uh
character and bike or like and uh in
Mario Kart Deluxe? It was uh Rose uh
Peach
um and some bike and combination of
wheels. And it was because at some point
it was the meta for like the fastest
bike combination with a character. And I
think at some point that became not the
fastest meta, but it's just all I ever
used at some point. So yeah, Rose Peach.
Mine was Roselina with the Yoshi bike
always. That's cute. I love that. My
favorite. Well, not anymore, I guess.
I'm going to I'm going to be so mad if
there's no Yoshi bike. I literally
bought the Yoshi Lego bike cuz I love
the Yoshi bike so much. That is cute. I
don't I'm going to bring up this trailer
real quick cuz I don't know if people
noticed, but with all these outfits, I
don't even know where it would be. You
going screen share? Uh, sure. Also, I
talked about this on the podcast, but
it's so funny to me that the map is just
Breath of the Wild's map. Did you notice
this? Like, in what way is Let me show
you. Take it off screen for a second.
I'll show you.
It doesn't matter. Like, it it I have no
there's no like criticism for me for
this, but it is funny to me that it's
literally the Breath of the Wild map.
Okay. All right. So, here's the Mario
Kart world map. And here's the Breath of
the Wild map. I had to find a colored
version of it, but so Hyrule Castle or
or Mushroom Kingdom right in the middle
of the map, right on both. Then you have
Fire. Now, the top part of the map's
flipped. So, you have Fire Mountain on
the left and snow on the right. Here we
have snow on the left and fire mountain
on the right. You also have on the Mario
Kart World one up top you have a forest
area up top. And then here, I can't
remember exactly where it is, but the uh
the forest with the Master Sword is
somewhere between the top areas. I can't
see it in here, but it is up in that
area. Then the bottom part is the
funniest part to me. So you have the
desert on the left, desert on the left,
and then the coastal region on the
right. Even with if you look at that
bottom right map, you see how like it
kind of curves up into the coast. Like
there's like a little tail. You go to
the Breath of the Wild map, there's like
a little curve up tail on the coast
area. Interesting. It's it's like not a
big deal, but it is like a one for one
sort of this is how a Nintendo map is
laid out. And then even like you know
you look at the middle of the map it's
like the grassy open plains grassy open
plains like it's just the same
ideologic the same idea in in both the
maps. It means absolutely nothing but it
is just very funny to me that it's the
same map. I think that this is kind of
just a go-to cuz like the Fortnite map
looks kind of different to this. I mean
it looks kind of similar to this as
well. They have a they have a lava
mountain and and an ice range. Uh,
they've had lava mountains and they've
had deserts, but yeah, it's very similar
when it's like the different regions.
You cut away. I'll bring up the Fortnite
map. Maybe they're all coping copying
Fortnite. Which Fortnite? I don't think
that. Uh, type in Fortnite Chapter 5
map.
Okay. Do you see any similarities? I
mean, yeah, I do see similarities. I
don't think it's a one like a one for
one layout of these two in comparison,
but it's a it's a it's interesting. I
mean, you have the ice section, the
desert section, the grass, and then um I
don't see like a fire mountain, but but
you see what I'm saying where the grass
is always in the middle and the snow is
in one area and then the deserts in
another. No, I see the similarity. As I
said, I have no point oring point to
this, but I mean like this is Nintendo
and it that both of the maps are theirs
and they're both laid out the same way.
I don't know. Just thought it was funny.
There's no I had I It'll be a Tik Tok. I
was just scrolling through the timeline
and I saw the map and I wanted to bring
it up because I thought it was
interesting. I don't It means absolutely
nothing. Um yeah, I don't know if I can
find the spot, but I was going to bring
up the uh the costumes cuz you know how
there's a ton of different costumes now
in this game. Yeah. They're not behind
any kind of like submen of uh you know
Mario and then all Mario's costumes are
behind the same character. They're all
individual characters. It's so strange.
It's very strange. And you can see
there's like tabs and tabs and tabs. I
don't know where it is, chat. I don't
know if someone can find the time code
for me so I'm not just scrubbing through
endlessly. But uh um I sent you if you
still have some of the docs from before.
I sent you some of the characters like
two docs ago. And I'd love I'd love to
that does I can find that too. Uh yep.
Um all right. What have you got? Like
two docs ago, I sent you Oh, I don't
have that. Oh, I got I could find it
again. Sorry about that. I'm taking my
jacket off. All right, let's move on. I
don't want to talk about Marcon anymore.
I'm over it.
You brought it up. Um, what time are we
at for the show?
Uh, that's a good question. Who knows?
Uh, this says we've been doing it for 50
minutes. All right, good. Let's burn
through some things. While you're
finding whatever you're finding, um, let
me show this quickly.
Nintendo uh god, why is Bloomberg like
this? Nintendo expected to sell Switch 2
at a loss. We believe the Switch 2's
bill of materials is around $400,
meaning that Nintendo would be selling
consoles at a loss in the US with the
10% tariff. So, this is via Bloomberg
doing a their like breakdown or study on
like kind of what the components of a
Switch 2 might cost. I brought this up
last week, too, and it was kind of what
I was trying to get at when people were
like, "Oh, Nvidia said that the GPU is
only worth $150, so Nintendo are making
handover fist here." And my first
thought was, "Yeah, there's like so many
other parts in there, though. It's not
just the GPU." And the fact that the GPU
alone costs 150, then we're probably
getting pretty close to 400. And I think
if you go back and watch that video, I
think I said that my my estimation was
350. I was like, I wouldn't be surprised
if it cost 350 to 400 to make. So
Nintendo does make a profit on their
consoles, which is something they have
over the competition, which is really
cool. But the profit margin is slim. So
the point was if they are to try and
sink the cost of the tariffs when they
come in even at 10% um they immediately
cut into their profits. They don't make
it they not it's not like you know they
can afford to cut it without cutting
into their profits. So I'm sure they're
going to try and avoid that. Can they
cut into their profits and still be
profitable as a whole? Yes, because
that's what PlayStation and Xbox do. But
I don't know if they're going to want to
do that, if they can avoid it. You know,
we're also still, by the way, if you are
a fan of the show and you're going back
through and watching the episodes months
or years later, thank you for doing
that. Um, what a weird arc we're on
right now, huh?
Uh, we're still currently dealing with
the unknown of that. We don't know when
tariffs will come into play, if at all.
They've been paused. uh we don't know
when we're going to get to pre-order a
Nintendo Switch to and a lot of these
things are also adding to the confusion
and frustration around $80. You know, I
I've been avoiding trying to talk about
it because we don't know if it's going
to really mean anything at the end of
the day. Um, but at the end of the day,
a lot of frustration around the $80 and
the price hiking of everything is that
we're going into a recession and that uh
tariffs are um looming over everybody's
head and everyone is stressed out about
that too. Um, we already can't afford
games to go up, but what if this goes up
and this goes up and that goes up and
then the console cost $600, you know?
So, there's a lot of stress from a lot
of people. A lot of people are very uh
stressed and scared right now which is
causing a lot of confusion and
frustration and anger online. So I think
a lot of like the people spamming
dropped the price are also just uh
frustrated and and done in general with
a lot which makes
sense. Makes sense. Sorry about it
though. Not my
fault.
Um moving on to some more fun things.
Did you Were you looking for something?
Uh was I? No. I don't know. I couldn't
remember if I gave you that. I've moved
on. Oh. Oh, you said you wanted to stop
talking about Mario Kart, so I stopped
looking for that thing. What thing? Uh,
you wanted to see the character
selection screen. I would see it if you
could find it, but you don't have to.
Okay.
Someone in chat's probably already found
it for us cuz I asked and then I just
didn't look.
Um, you can cut to me for a quick
second. Also, somebody in chat was like,
"I don't like when wood asks to be cut
to or cut away from all the time. Why
doesn't he have a button? I don't want a
button.
No one man should have all that power.
No one man. Hey, don't quote that guy.
God, good song
though. You ever play Saints Row three?
Yeah, of course. The start of that game
has that song and it slaps. Yeah, it was
such a sick I think it was three. It
could be four. I don't know. That's one
of the best soundtracks I think of any
um GTA. No, it's just we've done the I
hate when I have to switch buttons and
stuff and uh Max whenever I only have
one person here with me, Max has to like
watch the chat and like find things and
like do a bunch of other stuff. So, he's
not always looking at me and ready to
switch. So, sometimes I have to say cut
to me
like now. Like now. And then I have to
say cut away. And I say that because uh
I don't want you guys to have to stare
at me down here while I don't need to be
down here anymore. Um, all right.
Confirm. Nintendo Switch 2. Sorry. See,
he's got to play weird sounds while I'm
talking. He's He's so busy over there.
Nintendo Switch 2 game carts have a
notch. This is so almost nothing news,
but we were wondering why the carts were
identical. And there is a notch. And I
don't know what this means. This is just
a picture. I'm thinking this means they
probably won't click down all the way
into a switch one. That would be my
assumption because I always wondered
what would happen if you try putting it
in a switch one because it might confuse
people. Um, but this looks like maybe
something to prevent it actually getting
clicked down all the way. Or maybe not.
I don't know what this means to be
honest. But Nintendo, the account that
tweeted this, they did also tweet about
my grip and that was nice of them. They
were paid for it, but it was nice of
them. All right, you can cut away now.
By the way, I don't think we ever really
talked about that on the episode, but
you can buy my buy my beat him up
script. You can if you wanted to. You
could buy it. It's really cool. You want
me to show you? I don't know how I would
do that actually. If you if uh you still
want to see the character selection,
it's at 13 on the dock. Um I would love
to dive back into Mario Kart.
Uh yeah, if you I feel bad I didn't
commit to the mask the whole time. It
was legitimately killing me. It was
legit. It was legitimately making me
nervous. I'm not kidding. Um,
you started around. Wait, wait, wait.
Cut to me. Cut to me.
Cut to you. If you If you started
around, it was a Batman ad. No way. We
missed it. It was a It was the Jason
Baitman ad where he's Batman. Oh, the
Baitman. The Baitman.
Damn. Uh, you have to start the clip uh
later. Like go to You see where the
replays start? Go towards the end. Also
guys, I I bought a brand new MacBook
just for you guys. I hope you feel
special and honored.
I bought this MacBook so that the stream
didn't
suck. And I actually am having so many
issues with the MacBook cuz I've never
used a Mac before. I can't figure out
how to get the sound from here into the
laptop. So, but we have video. So, what
do you want? Can't It's not perfect. Um
Oh, yeah. Here we go. So, we've already
scrolled past Mario and Luigi and
everybody, but here they are again in
different outfits. And then they'll
probably go over another page. I love
the cow. I do love the cow. There's
Mario and Luigi again. So, there's just
like as you unlock all of these
characters, they add tabs and tabs and
tabs and tabs. That's so weird. That's
so silly. It's also not even an issue
really. It's just silly that they did
that. I don't know why they did that.
Yeah, it's a very strange thing to do.
All right,
cutaway. Maybe I should have just a
cutaway button for me. So when I'm done
talking, I can just be like beep. I
mean, I think yeah, I think you could do
just a one or I could do one, maybe one
or two buttons.
I do one or two buttons and all of a
sudden they have all the buttons. All of
a sudden you have like a H3 button.
That would be cool. Could have used it
last week.
Um I don't want to How do I open this
without you showing the whole screen?
Uh, I don't know what this is. Don't
Don't cut to I'm not cutting to you. I I
I know when to cut.
Um, how do I do
this? Oops. Oh, no. Now I've messed
everything up. You blew it, guys. I've
I've destroyed everything. I want to
show this, but I don't know if it'll
show the uh the What if I What if I
delete that? Oh, I can't. Oh, that's I'm
so smart. Am I cutting to you? Uh, yeah,
you can now. Okay, I'll cut to you.
Sorry that took so long. I'm an idiot.
Um, this bag. This dang bag. When Bob
and I went to the Nintendo experience
and got this bag, I didn't expect to get
something for one. And I was like, "Oh,
that's sick." And then when we got back,
the people that were invited to the
event, like the actual influencers, they
showed off what they got. And all they
got was like a tote bag, like a red like
generic like Trader Joe's tote bag. And
I said to Bob, I was like, "What the
hell? Why did we get such a cool bag and
they only got a tote bag?" And this cool
bag, if you cut back, is being resold
for $300 on eBay, dude. And I'm sure the
tote bag is a similar price. I got it
for free. That's crazy. The tote bag is
so boring. I'm sure it It's honestly,
it's just a red fully red bag with a
Switch 2 logo. But people want that
exclusivity, you know. Yeah, maybe. All
right, you can cut away again. I'm
cutting away. Um, guys, I kind of want
to wrap up pretty soon. I don't want to
go too long today cuz I've been up so
long streaming. Um, let me just make
sure that I've covered all the important
things in my dock here that really
matter. Trying to scroll with Batman
gloves on. You want to do the Batman
theme stuff in the bonus? No, let's do
one now. Okay. Okay. What do we got? I
put a couple things in the dock.
Uh oh. Did you see the no cloud saves by
the way? What? You might want to talk
about that. What is that? Uh okay. So,
uh I'll cut to myself. You read it while
I talk about it. So, I was I was in the
uh our Discord. Please join our Discord.
And people were talking about how the
apparently the new versions of Breath of
the Wild and uh Tears of the Kingdom
won't have cloud saves. H like won't be
you won't be able to save your new
progress on the cloud.
And it says here it's currently unclear
why. I mean, yeah, that sucks. I don't
know. I don't know what else to say. I'm
going to screen share. Yeah, that's
Yeah, that's kind of crazy. I just heard
about this just before we started. Just
those games. What about
like Mario Kart or uh Donkey Kong? I'm
not sure. Maybe there's something to do
with the fact that you're taking it from
the Switch. I don't know. The disclaimer
reads, "Please note this software does
not support the Switch online paid
membership save data backup
feature. Why?" I have no idea. That's a
great question. I don't even know what
to say. It's Breath of the Wild Antiers
of the Kingdom support that feature. Why
would this not support that feature?
I I don't even know what to say. What
website is that again? Eurogamer. Yeah.
Okay. Some people were asking Eurogamer.
if you were asking. It's your gamers
article titled the switch to addition
Zelda games won't support cloud saves to
back up your data. I mean that sucks. I
don't know. I I almost want to say that
it's maybe it's coming later, but
Nintendo disclaimer says it doesn't
support it. Like a finalized it just
doesn't support it. Yeah. I don't know.
I don't know. Um that doesn't make any
sense. If if if Mario Kart and Donkey
Kong and anything else does support it,
Yeah. then I don't know. I don't know
what to tell you. That sucks. We're
going to have to keep an eye on that.
Somebody says it's going to cost extra.
Yeah, cost extra. Yeah, it already does.
It already does. It's It's the It's the
membership thing. Oh, don't get me
started. Let's not go off on that
tangent. Let's do um Can you go to uh
the number nine on the list, the Batman
tier list? Are we doing that? If if you
would like to Can you go to it and can
you make it a hyperlink for me? Oh yeah,
because I can't click on it and I don't
know how to um
I think you got to like go to the end of
it and then like hit spacebar or
something and it makes it a hyperlink.
Yeah. Yeah, there you go.
Batman movies tier list. All right,
guys. So, we're pretty much done here.
You can leave if you want. No, don't
leave. Stay. We love you. We our most
popular Tik Tok clip like on Tik Tok is
me dressed as Spider-Man with Kim
dressed as Black Canary talking about
Marvel comics and it has over 2 million
views. So, we figured we'd use this as
an opportunity to try and recreate Magic
in a Bottle and see if we can get a
Batman clip with me dressed as Batman
talking about Batman stuff. Um, I'm
going to try putting this back on though
because this one's way better for the
clip.
Okay,
for a second cuz this really hurts to
put on. Oh my gosh. Did you guys see my
cool Batman jacket? Did you see his cool
Robin mask that I 3D printed? He did 3D
print it last night. I'll put this back
on for you guys. It's pretty cool
backpack. Yeah. With This is the real
Batman, guys. If you're the animated
fan, that's the real Batman. That's the
only Batman that matters in my book.
It's the animated Batman. The Justice
League unlimited Batman. I got to be
honest, it's a little more comfortable
than last time. I don't know how I put
it on, but okay. Your hair was choking
you before. I still can't really
swallow.
You never thought you'd hear Batman say
that, did
you? More of a spitter. Australian
Batman over here. All right, mates.
All right. This is my tier list of best
Batman. Should I do the voice? Don't do
the voice. It's too much. Okay, this is
my tier list of Batman movies. I Is this
all of them of all the liveaction? I
feel like we complain every year about a
new Batman movie. There's only been like
five. Yeah. All right. These are all the
live Batman. Here's some crappy cartoon
one. I don't know what that is. So, I'm
going to put that in D. Oh, no. What? B
What one is this one? This is Michael
Keaton. Uh, that looks like Batman
Returns. The second Michael Keaton one.
Yeah. I I don't I haven't seen it, but
Michael You haven't seen the Tim Burton
Batman? I like Michael. Huh? You haven't
seen both Tim Burton and Batman? Not a
fan of Batman. Really?
Uh Batman Rises. Okay. All right. Hold
on a second. I have seen this trilogy.
The Christopher Nolan Batman's Rises is
the first one, right? Yes. That one's
okay. It's it it starts us off on our
adventure. I'll give it
a B. Kind of want to give it an A, but
I'm gonna leave it there for now because
Dark Knight, this is Dark Knight, right?
Mhm. Dark Knight is S. S. Okay. All
right. Best Joker. Heath Ledger.
Yeah. Where are they?
Yeah. I mean, I'm not denying that he's
a great Joker. Tell
me. He's an iconic Joker.
You want to see this?
Oh god. You want to see this pen
disappear?
It's made of glass. Be careful. Uh, and
then the one with Bane is this one,
right? It wasn't as good. It was pretty
good, but it wasn't as good. I'm going
to put actually both of these in a
They're fine. They're good. I like Bane
a lot. What? How What did Bane sound
like? He had a voice. Batman. Batman.
Batman. Your mother's a [ __ ] Batman.
Batman.
I've come to destroy you. That's it.
That's exactly it. I was raised in the
darkness. I was raised in the darkness.
You're doing a terrible job. You were
purely molded by it. Something like
that.
Paid. Stop. You're breaking my back.
Paid. You're busting my balls.
All right. Then we have this. This is
Michael Keaton, too, right? Uh, yes.
Yes, it is. But the Jack Nicholson
Joker, not as good. Jack Nicholson Joker
versus Heath Ledger Joker. Not as good.
Not as good. Jack didn't have it. That
Jack didn't have it. That's crazy.
That's crazy to say, am I? If it was
Jack Black. Now we'd be talking. Jack
Black would be a great Joker. Yes, but
for a very different reason. Uh, Batman
and Robin. Oh, this had a This had
freeze. What? How do you do it? Call it
like the the Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yeah. Where and Batles. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh Uma Thurman as Poison Ivy. She was
great. Put down that batter ranging.
Is that a quote? Put Put it
down. Put down the batter ranging. Get
in the Get in the
chopper. Get in the Batmobile. All
right, that's good. Uh Batman Forever.
That's pretty good. Put that in a as
well. What Batman is this one? Are you
really putting these in a That's crazy.
They're the fun ones. Yeah, but they're
they're not fun. They're terrible. No,
they're good. They got They got Arnold
Schwarzenegger. This is the uh this is
the one that you look like the most
today. This one? Yeah, the Robert
Patson. It's the bad Patterson. Uh I
haven't seen it. I'm put it in B. Oh my
god. This is Batman and Superman. I
haven't seen that either. That's C. And
then what is this? Justice League. Yeah,
it's the Justice League movie. That's
probably a D. He's doesn't like Batman,
guys.
I'm not really a
fan. I haven't seen all the movies. They
keep making them. I watched Wonder
Woman, the first one, and the second
one. I don't know if you should be proud
of that. The sec I didn't like the
second one. They're both bad. No, the
first one was okay. First one's
watchable.
Yeah, but there's something I've learned
about you recently. What is that? What
have you learned about me?
I'm not going to say it. Oh god. I'm not
going to say it. That's awful. Now
people are going to say it in the chat
in the in the comments section.
That's it. You got anything else? Uh I
mean there's a couple other things in
the doc and we could do more Batman
stuff, but it sounds like you want to go
down to the bonus. We should probably do
it in the bonus. Yeah, I'm today. I got
to be honest. Guys, I love you so much.
Cue the music. Do we have any super
chats?
So loud.
Uh, you might have some uh that Patreon
scroll. Uh, Jacob says, "I'm the man.
I'm the wood. I'm the wood man." Thank
you. This is for diapers. Love your
video. Thank you. We're going to need
that. M. That was from Spider Mattress.
Molly, do you think Nintendo will offer
a SIM card Switch for online? I'm not
sure. Molly Pedro, uh, wouldn't a profit
more for selling it at 70? I don't know.
You'll have to ask them about that. I
feel it's fair because I said at the top
it's for inflation. And I'm used to it
feels like a natural evolution sadly. I
mean I agree. I agree. Trey, thank you.
Any non Nintendo gaming news you're
excited about? Reginald. We could talk
about that in the bonus episode if
you're around. Mark, will you bring back
the term Zeldies? Uh, sure. Just for you
and your brother. Red Fang Moon with 10.
Last thing about the prices. We've been
known about the price of gaming being
lower than 60. If it was abrupt, but
needed, I guess. I don't
disagree. Um, all right everybody. Thank
you to all the Patreons. If your name
was listed below, we appreciate your
support and your help so much. Whether
or not you want to come watch the bonus
episode, that doesn't matter. I mean, it
does, but it doesn't matter. I hope you
had a good day, and I'll see you next
week. And I'm still excited for Mario
Kart. Don't get me wrong. I'm excited
for Nintendo. I'm excited for the
Switch, too. And we have a lot more good
stuff ahead of us. I'm over it. I'm over
it. I'm just going to talk about the
good stuff from here. Thank you, Max,
for coming back. Bye, guys. Coming back,
Batman. becoming bat and being my Robin
today. Uh I love all of you immensely
and again thank you so much for the
support on the podcast and don't forget
to subscribe too. We're getting really
close to uh the play button here.
Like, comment, rate us five stars,
whatever you want to do. Leave a comment
down below and I'll see you next week.
Bye bye guys. See you everybody. Be good
out there.
[Music]