Sneak through the door, man. Can't make
it. Out of my way, son. Door stuck. Door
stuck.
Please. I'm
sponsored by War Thunder. See us at
Mobile Con
2025. It's a new day, but it all feels
old. It's a good life. That's what I'm
told. I used to hold a Jackiechan action
figure over a lit candle to watch the
head melt. Before touchscreen phones
were in everyone's pockets, the Nintendo
DS made touchscreens a pillar of gaming
in 2004. We've gotten used to it, but
many forgot how futuristic this first
felt. With its interactive screen and
weirdly sexual marketing, the DS became
the second bestselling console of all
time. So, get ready for a road trip and
jam all those carts into one game case.
Damn it. Because we got strange,
colorful, classic, or obscure DS games
to cover. It's juice and jam time. A new
opponent is ready to face you.
A 2 L bottle of chest in my all Russian
teeth. Let's rock.
[Music]
Nobody going to take my car. Race to the
ground. Nobody going to beat my
car. While driving in Chicago will leave
you questioning the existence of God and
human decency. That same kind of driving
is what you want out of sideswiped. A
missionbased driving game. You got
racing stages standard, but also these
destruction missions that'll tweak the
gravity leading to more airborne crashes
than Pearl Harbor. An absolute cluster
truck of physics. I had no idea the DS
was even capable of missions that
involve running down other drivers,
demolition derbies, or bashing through
traffic cones. You play through the
campaign, which will involve similar
missions in the same locations over and
over. Slowly, you unlock a small list of
cars, upgrades, and color swaps.
Although, in the main menu, you can hit
the randomizer that'll throw you into
any challenge and vehicle, even if it
isn't unlocked. There's also online
Wi-Fi for scoreboards, local multiplayer
only. Many comments I found even claimed
that this was a better Burnout game than
the actual DS Burnout. Is that
accurate? Oh, I see. It feels like a
bunch of 10 cans sliding the
road. I need it. I need it.
Now, let me remind you if all this
stimulus is overloading you, the normal
race modes are toned down greatly. But
honestly, with all these flatout style
physics and mini games, who wants that?
Just recording extra footage for this
has been an utter joy. Really,
sideswipe's only crime besides vehicular
manslaughter is just not having enough
content. Yet, both those sins are
forgivable to me and my girl Caitlyn.
Definitely try this game out if you want
utter chaos behind the wheel. Good thing
on eBay it only goes for Oh,
the two mechanical giants are locked in
fierce battle. It's
incredible. Could this be the coming of
the Armageddon? From Earth Defense Force
to robot Alchemic Drive. Love that game.
Sandlot Studio really loved their
citywide destruction, but to fit that on
a DS is impressive. Super Control Mecca
MG. Here's a Japan-only title with a fan
translation. So, you played simulators
for airplanes, cars, goats. But here's
what I would describe as a doohickey
simulator with missions that involve
racing, fighting, delivery, or city
destruction. There's over a 100 meccas
to choose from with all sorts of ways to
pilot them. Spin gears to swing a sword.
Drag and drop ammunition into a gun
barrel. Flip the switch to transform.
You got construction bots transforming
race cars, giant animals, swordsmen,
gunsmen, ninjas, tugboats, a windmill.
Does Gundam have a windmill mecca? I
don't think so, but I'm not going to
look it up to see if it Oh my goodness.
Your Mecca's can wear down over time and
need rest for a bit. So, don't rely too
much on just one. With the variety, I
can't complain. Every bot is so
intentionally jank, you're just thrown
into a mission as you figure it out on
the fly. Tipping over an enemy really
puts a smile on my face. I love being in
vehicle mode, driving towards the enemy,
getting shot at, exploded. I'm on fire,
flying in the air. While airborne, I
flip the lever and transform into battle
mode, landing on my
feet. like virtual on or robot alchemic
drive. The more obtuse the controls are,
the more authentic it feels. It appeals
to your monkey brain of wondering what
does this button do. Some of these got
their ultimate attack. But to activate
it, you have to tap a plate to uncover
the button. This will physically pull in
the big red button. You press that as
your Mecca charges up their special,
which takes
forever. Oh no. Oh no. They're coming.
Please. Please. No. Please. Please. Come
on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Yes. Yes. Why did this not come to
[Music]
America? To explain Super Control Mecca
MG's world. It takes place in a reality
where bots are called marionation gear
or puppets. They've existed in oldtimey
eras, more wood and steamowered. Some of
these you got to wind up like a toy for
them to
function. Uhoh. Because child labor laws
don't exist in Mecca animes, you play as
a kid. First time we see him, he's
entering his puppet from this camera
angle the cut scene shows. He's got to
get into the cockpit. After he rewinds
childbirth, you do odd jobs for cash,
moving rocks or leveling city blocks.
But soon some rogue marinets invade.
While the constant dialogue I was
skimming through, it started to feel
more engaging as the puppet war reached
their hometown. I got kind of invested
when you and an AI partner had to fight
side by side, which you may expect it to
look like
this, but it's more like a bunch of
washing machines walking on a tight
rope. There's a ton of bios and lore
dums about this vintage world, though,
if you want to skip all that. The map is
this disorganized overworld. The next
mission will often show up in some
random area you got to skim for. Just
look for the red icon to progress. If
you want to find a past mission you
like, it's somewhere. Some of these
blocks aren't even missions, just story
text. It's terrible.
Super Control Mecca MG gave me the joy
of being a kid with a bunch of new RC
cars for Christmas. I do not understand
why this Nintendo published game was
Japan only. Poor sales over there
supposedly. Maybe trim down the dialogue
in the bloated story mode. At least
there's a tie-in manga and some trophies
for Smash Brothers Brawl. Brawl. They
only got into Brawl. Not good enough for
Smash Wii U. Get out of here.
[Music]
But first, this video is sponsored by
War Thunder. Free for PC, PlayStation,
Xbox, and now mobile devices. It's
optimized to run well on everything.
With over 2,500 tanks, helicopters,
ships, planes, eras from the 1920s,
fighter jets, or modern tanks. You got
realistic and simulation battles, but I
much prefer the arcade mode, faster pace
matches, and simplified physics. And
it's not just basic hitboxes. Depending
where you hit, deals different amounts
of damage. War Thunder takes you to a
world in war over thunder, no less.
vehicles full of authentic sound
effects, gorgeous 3D models with
customizable skins and decorations. Go
realistic or neon lit using my link
pinned in the comments and description
to play for free. New and returning
players who haven't played in 6 months
on PC and console get a massive bonus
pack, premium vehicles, and decorator
booster packs and more. 100,000 Silver
Lions. Join a PvP game with over 70
million worldwide players. again. Use my
link in the description or pin comment.
War
[Music]
Thunder unsolicited pack
picks, guys. Dickpicks are impressive to
no one. Send the girl pack pickics on DS
and she'll be watching that crappy movie
you like with you. Hey, any of y'all
remember PDAs? Personal digital
assistants? There was an Aquatine
episode on it. In the '90s, they were
basically the precursor to smartphones
without the phone part, something only
business people owned to plan their day,
write ransom letters, or send emails. In
2001, games director Tetssuya Shinodto
was fascinated by the touchscreen
interface. So, he prototyped a Pac-Man
game and pitched it around only to hit
the same roadblocks. PDA gaming on a
touchscreen just wasn't a strong market.
And the overlap of gamers with, you
know, people with jobs wasn't all that
big. People usually get a PDA when they
have a job and friends and a life. PDA
gaming and touchscreens weren't that big
of a market, so they dropped it until 3
years after where we got the
DS. It was the perfect time to dust off
that old idea. At E3 2004, Packpick was
even featured as a tech demo. Many
industry people were impressed by the
game being able to recognize and animate
doodles of Pac-Man. To this day, it's
still impressive. My teachers could not
read my penmanship, but the DS could
tell you drew Pac-Man. As cool as Pack
Pics is, it barely goes beyond its demo.
The game is just doodling Pac-Man. Big
packs are slow, small packs are fast,
and you eat the ghosts. You have other
abilities like bombs or shooting arrows
to ghosts assuming the damn arrows
register. Yeah, it's good, but not like
30 bucks on launch. Good. Sure, I can
recognize your doodle of Pac-Man, but I
can do that. You want me to come over
and do it? You live in Chicago or a
Macallen with a 4-hour campaign? Every
stage looks the same. And this feels
like the mini games within a bigger
game. Congrats on saving your idea for
later. I'd say it was worthless, but you
charge 30 bucks for it.
[Music]
Excuse me, sir. Can you please be nice
to our game? I'm sure the people at
Vander
Oh, that wasn't so bad. No, we'll be
back with more DS games after this.
[Music]
[Music]
Wow. Ow.
Show me on the DS how warioware touched
you emotionally. Mini games? No sir.
Here's a micro game collection where you
got 5 seconds to complete a task. Taking
cues from Alcada. You finish off one
micro game. 10 more shall take its
place.
[Music]
Okay.
[Music]
Once me.
[Music]
As usual, you select a playlist of
challenges organized by character and
their theme. Games themed around sports,
nature, or food. That's how they were
organized in the first entry. But this
time, the themes are less cosmetic and
more about the touchscreen's uses.
Wario's games involve tapping. Mona is
about cutting. And Ashley is about drag,
my specialty. Yeah, [ __ ] Work.
[Music]
Not a hot take here, but cinematography
has stagnated. DS and Tik Tok is the new
frontier with tall screens. Maybe
distracting, but using a vertical screen
to tell a story is a whole new world of
possibilities. I can imagine some indie
animator using Warioware's pixel style
as a format for their online animations.
This is what the Quibby app fought for,
and we let it down. It may have crashed
and burned, but I know one day it shall
gain redemption. If not, does anyone
want to buy a phone with Quibby still
installed?
[Music]
As tradition, the retro gamer icon 9V
has his Nintendo propaganda games.
References from the Game and Watch to
even the traditional toys Nintendo used
to make. Hey, you got any Sega games?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. We'll play Nintendo.
We'll play Nintendo. 9V is usually seen
gaming with his best friend, 18 Volt,
who's like a a full ass adult. The mom's
aware of this and is fine with it. Okay,
maybe it's some sort of of mice and men
type of relationship.
[Music]
Oh, and remember how the DS also had a
microphone? Well, newcomer Mike the
robot uses the mic for his mini games.
Judging by the name, his whole existence
came to be just to promote the DS mic.
What a way to be born. Oh my god.
Imagine finding out your destiny from
birth was to promote the DK bongos.
That's what I learned about myself last
week, and I've done a poor job doing so.
My family will soon be sending the
Coca-Cola death squads to my
location. As a jumping off point in my
research, I'll skim through Wikipedia
for any odd sources, which led me to
what is apparently Warioware touches
legacy. This paragraph seems normal, but
it briefly mentions the micro games were
done in later titles, and the rest is
all about the first appearance of
Ashley, the evil witch girl. Touched
also marks the first appearance of the
reoccurring Warioware character Ashley,
who has since appeared in WariWare
Smooth Wooves, Warioware DIY, Game
Wario, and Warriioware Gold. Ashley has
made regular appearances in the Super
Smash Brothers series.
Goodbye.
You know, there's other characters
introduced, right, that don't get a
massive paragraph for some reason. Let's
just take that Ashley girl and put her
in this region here.
Okay. Warowware's overall gameplay can
sound too niche. It's the kind of
strange title that would never leave
Japan. Yet, the Eastern developers knew
they had something when demoing the game
at an expo. After noticing an American
player laughing at the nose-picking
challenge in the first Warriorware, the
team knew this game and its humor had no
boundaries. With so many micro games to
make, the crew were split into partners,
one programmer and one designer. Both
produced two mini games per week. Ideas
were doodled on scrap paper or a
storyboard sheet to plan out the
miniames like an interactive animation.
You're a machine.
Many ideas were rejected for feeling too
similar. In the end, 190 games were
completed, not including the bonus
trinkets you can fool around with, like
a basic multiplayer pingpong game that
only requires one DS, a precursor to
Doodle Jump. A music video that unlocks
if you have the spin-off Warioware
Twisted in the handhelds GBA slot. And
most infamous was the record player. It
does what you expect.
[Music]
Although if you manually spin the record
yourself, you'll get this message.
I remember internet forum dwellers back
then were sharing that around. Nintendo
Power magazine claimed that they got a
ton of messages about it and brushed it
off as some jumbled lyrics, which it is.
Though, seeing how stupid people are
online, I'm just waiting for the nut
jobs of today calling Nintendo satanic
or whatever. After all, this game
features weapons of mass
[Music]
[Applause]
karaoke touched me emotionally. What
more needs to be said? My first game in
the series as my attention span has
corroded to this day. I struggle to sit
through a 90-minute movie. Now doctors
consider me a lost cause.
[Music]
[Music]
Statistically speaking, there likely
exists one person in the world whose
favorite game is Donkey Kong the King of
Swing. As frightening as that is, it'd
be ignorant to ignore that reality.
Well, this next game goes out to that
one proud DK swinger. Go Cosmocops, a
Japanese game that has no Japanese or US
release. For some reason, only Europe
got this. Scouring the net, almost no
info exists as to why. It's pretty fun.
After crash landing on Earth, this
yellow killer bean OC trusts some kids
to save the world by climbing stuff.
Anybody who can reach a high shelf
already is a hero. Here, you just got to
make it to the exit. Tapping will
grapple hook you to the next handlebar,
but you can also slingshot your way to
the top. Being able to skip over
obstacles really shows the fun in this
concept, but what holds it back is it's
just too easy and too short. They come
up with a variety of vehicles and
special techniques, yet there's so few
stages that use them. It feels like the
deadline was coming up and they just
finished what little was done, leading
to a 4-hour campaign.
There's some fascinating bosses, some
which will take the 2D mechanics and
seamlessly convert them to 3D, but
quickly beating them in a few hits is a
letdown. Good job, Larinis
Rex. Cosmo Cops is developed by the
custom robo studio Noise and published
by Pac-Man creators Namco, which is why
you'll often see the S flag appear as a
collectible. It's been in anything from
Smash Brothers, Zeius, Star Fox Assault,
and originating in Rally X. It was just
a collectible for extra points, yet it
became the official flag of Bandai
Namco. One they waved so proudly, yet I
can't support a company who thought
releasing pack picks was a good idea.
This is yet another flag I pledge no
allegiance to, as go Cosmocops does
little to change my creed. Guess it's
true what they say. There's only one
king of swing, baby.
Good job.
According to our next subject's official
YouTube channel, the development of the
Gamecub's Kirby Air Ride was so long and
messy that it just burnt out its
director, Masahiro Sakurai, a man whose
suffering will never end. Put in score.
After leaving the studio, Hal Lavatory,
Sakurai went on to supervise various
games that don't even have his name
Sakurai in the credits. He did not want
to upstage the developers who put in all
the effort. So, all those Sakurai bless
games are a mystery. I hope one day we
can figure out what games those were out
of spite. The exhausted Smash director
moved from game to game until a major
Sega figure talked with him. Tetssuya
Mizaguchi, a producer of Space Channel 5
and Rez. He asked Masahiro to pitch a
puzzle game. This was a genre Sakurai
was never good at, yet he committed to
learning the principles of. The concept
of outsider art is something he wishes
for more of in an industry of redundant
titles. With so many block puzzlers on
the market, the suffering developers
outside thinking led to something more
unique.
[Music]
Medios. Oh yeah. You know you're playing
one of Masahiro's games when the menus
look like this. Three stock, no items.
Planet Gel only. Out in the desolate
realm of space, the planet Meteios
decides to hell with y'all. Here's some
garbage for every other planet. Colonies
across the galaxy are swarmed by falling
blocks, crushing them until they notice
something. Line up three or more of the
same color, and they'll go back from
whence they came. If that happened in
real life, Weezer would have hit the
stratosphere. I like that the rocks look
like a bunch of sugary cereal pieces.
Burning my pepper. Meteor heading for
the cinnamon bakery.
That was the last Flintstones episode.
Uh, hey Fred, don't you just love these
Japanese games? All I'll say is two
boulders weren't enough
barn. Planets all over the system unite
to take down Medios. All that to explain
a match three block
game, except instead of vanishing, the
blocks propel
upwards. Though, similar to a North
Korean missile launch, gravity can hold
the blocks down. So, you got a match
three on top of the match three you
already did. Launch these bastards to
some other planet. It's their garbage.
Now, you can use the DS buttons to play,
but the game is so fast and frantic that
the touchcreen is mandatory. Sakurai
noticed having a tall stack of blocks in
a puzzle game is usually a big risk, but
in Medios that makes a greater weapon,
but it also makes a heavier set of
blocks to launch. It's a great
balance with the planetary themes. Every
colony you fight against has their own
style of bricks, music, gravity, and
alien species. There's aliens that
resemble the fairies from Zelda to a
single cell Bart Simpson. Some blocks
are easy on the eyes, while others
are, "Oh jeez, get me off this planet. I
hate this place. Blow it all to hell."
Among Sakurai's regrets, besides working
on Smash Brothers, is the limited
development time. Last minute tweaking
caused the game to be far more difficult
than he intended. There's times where
the gravity increases to be near
impenetrable.
[Music]
But that didn't stop Medios from being a
bestseller. While published by Bandai in
Japan, Nintendo of America believed in
it for the US release. Good games
Sakurai moved on. Yet the Medios
franchise continued without his
knowledge. Ports to the Xbox 360, mobile
phones, online browsers, many of these
are now lost media. I wish they weren't
because I love how gummy these icons for
the Korean smartphone port are. though,
thanks to physical media, I am sad to
report the Disney find me's Disney magic
is still playable. No thank you. I've
killed more Disney adults in one week
than most people do in a month.
RIP. Oh, cool. The credit screen and it
shows each developer's autograph. If you
ever wanted to afford someone's
signature, now's your chance. Hey, Fred,
what are your thoughts on Isra versus
Palisone?
[Music]
Medical malpractice is so awesome when
it's not happening to me specifically,
but only a few games let you simulate
the joys of going under the knife. Dr.
Mario taught me to keep shoving pills
down your throat to make the bad stuff
go away, while Simpsons Colonoscopy
Party will have you travel to Seattle to
actually play it. Yet, our next subject
is for the DS. Getting the handheld
around my 13th birthday, there were a
ton of games to look forward to, but I
had this lingering thought. Many early
titles either didn't really need touch
controls or needed them for gimmicky
mini games. As with Hannah Montana or
Infidelity, I need the best of both
worlds. And one of the games to make me
say, "Yeah, that's what the DS is made
for was Trauma Center under the
[Music]
knife." A game that could only be done
with touch controls. This is a sort of
amateur search and simulator. Slice open
people and rip the shards of glass,
tumors, or weird growths that'll go away
if I ignore it. Right. This counts as a
hacken slash.
Help my ovaries. So, I just noticed this
was developed by Atlas. While Shinmegami
herself never worked on it, Trauma does
feature many artists, programmers, and
composers from her Persona games. You
got the big soap opera story with
supernatural elements and graphics that
are just unrealistic enough to not gross
me out. almost like a CG medical
instructional video. Your doctor has
recommended that you undergo surgery to
remove a
bunion. But what does that actually
mean? Booting up the game, it warns you
that these medical techniques are not
realistic, though it seems believable
enough. You got scalpels, syringes,
stitches, a pentagram that'll slow down
the passage of time. It's a power
blessed only to those who descended from
Eskeifius, great god of medicine. The
power is called the healing touch and
can be used to extract the guild, a
human-made virus created by the medical
terrorist organization Delelfi, who
believe medicine interferes with natural
selection and humanity should have ended
centuries ago. Doctor, I just want to
know if I can eat spicy chips again.
It's unclear if this is medically
accurate, but watching the streamers
save data, play this with an actual
nurse on hand, I don't think he was
impressed. You have this green fluid
you just inject and their vital their
vitals go up. Yeah. If the vital vital
go up, if vital go down, they die.
[Music]
Beyond the lore, Trauma Center is a
medical drama of a beginner surgeon
cutting for the very first time. It'll
teach you the methods, which will often
repeat and feel sy, though there's many
wild scenarios like doing surgery on an
airplane while the turbulence will
interfere, or using your medical science
degree to disarm a bomb. Oh god, we're
not going to make it. Quick, use the
healing touch. Activate the pentagram.
This is the least scientific thing I've
ever seen. You'll be quiet. When
localizing this game, a translation
editor claims not much was changed,
though they pulled some minor 4Kid style
edits. Like instead of Japan, they're in
California a lot. Like, yeah, sure. This
is California. Maybe it's
Ch Asia Town. Like Italian town or New
Zealand town. Even the title was
changed. Trauma center. What was wrong
with super surgical operations? is
Cadissius. Okay. Yeah, you can change
that. They also renamed the main surgeon
Kosuki
Sukamorei. Now he's Derek Styles, a pun
off the DS stylus pen. Oh, in the sequel
for the Nintendo Wii, there's Naomi
Kimishima, who in America became Nazomi
Weaver, as in the Wii. Yes, pun is
intended. Even many of the patients you
save are references to actors and
characters from medical shows like House
ER or Scrubs. As for story changes, I
don't know if anything was altered,
though. I guess to make it less tragic,
this one suicidal patient was aged up
from 14 to 17. Thankfully, she shows up
in the sequels that take place years
later, though she's 17 there. Also, she
was 17 in the Japanese sequel, so I
guess the US team did not remain
consistent with their edits. With this
girl suffering, you save her life, even
if she feels it was all pointless. They
could have spent time helping someone
else. Derek Styles tries to reassure
her, though his nurse butts in with,
"Well, then maybe you should just die.
There are patients here who have to
fight just to breathe properly. Every
day, someone dies after a long and
futile struggle to live. I'm sorry. We
saved you. Go end your life for all I
care." Damn, [ __ ] Just take the
insurance money and hush. Jeez,
your doctor has recommended that you
undergo surgery to remove a bunion.
But what does that actually mean?
Accuracy and speed will constantly be
tested. The later games had a difficulty
slider, but for this debut title, nah, I
could never beat Trauma Center as a kid.
Difficult, but I never regretted buying
such a unique title. While you think
this anime looking game would be a hit
in Japan, Trauma Center did not sell
there. Supposedly less than 15,000 units
were sold in the East. The overall year
was terrible for Atlas's Japanese
division as they had to lay off 10% of
the workforce due to the poor local
sales. The game was looking to be
another blow to the company. Vitals are
critical. We're running out of time. On
the contrary, in America and Europe,
Trauma Center and other Atlas games were
really hitting strong. According to the
gaming news site Gamma Sutra, an Atlas
representative reported sales outside
Japan were up 75% while the previous
year was already up 45%. Titles like
Magna Carta and Riviera the Promised
Land, which I've been enjoying the
Switch port of, really helped Atlas
expand westward. The Representative
mainly singled out Trauma as one of
their best sellers with quote going off
the charts from their expectations.
Damn, it was probably the perfect time
for Trauma Center, a simple to
understand concept that hasn't been done
before on a new system. Plus, Westerners
were discovering anime at this time, and
there were a ton of medical dramas on
TV. So many journalists like EGM praised
Trauma Center, though they complained
that the female patients had no nipples.
Sorry, Dr. Pervert. The female patient
being an underage girl wanting to commit
suicide. Hey buddy, go back to the
Silent Hill fandom. Trauma Center
spawned multiple sequels, a Wii remake,
and inspired Adult Swim to create a
whole parody franchise called Amateur
Surgeon. Oh, and there was a leaked
liveaction trauma center TV show that
had nothing to do with the games. Just a
random medical show Atlas gave the name
to. Stop talking, right? I have to scrub
up in 5 minutes. I'm going to need a
trauma center after that. Unfortunately,
the franchise flatlined after 2010. The
games were kind of criticized for being
repetitive, and much of the team moved
on to the Persona franchise. Plus, it's
not a game that really works unless you
got touch or motion controls. Sure, you
can use an iPhone or Switch, but without
a stylus, your fingers are not very
precise for this type of game. With
Atlas and Persona as popular as ever,
Trauma Center I could see coming back
once they figure out the right control
scheme. It could happen. If not, maybe
they could re-release the House MD game
instead. Yes, that's a real screenshot.
[Music]
Nice work, Dr. Styles. We'll be back
with more DS games after this. Fox
Tonight, can house save a woman who's
mysteriously dying? Then, a beauty
pageant hides a dark secret on Lie to
Me? Fox Monday starts right now.
[Music]
1995, Nintendo and Square Enix collab to
create Super Mario RPG. A beloved title
I never played, but has that vaguely
recognizable puppet and cloud guy. I was
a Superstar Saga Paper Mario boy growing
up. Fans have demanded a proper RPG
sequel for decades, or at least the
return of those two guys. Well, over one
decade later, in 2006, Nintendo and
Square reunited to give us something
real special.
[Music]
Mario Hoops three on three DMP that RPG.
It's Bball Ball with Mario Kart. Being
raised in the streets of Brooklyn, it's
no surprise Mario is breaking ankles,
balling trios, and dodging Magic
Johnson's needles. Developed by Square
Hoops lets you ball with the Mushroom
Kingdom citizens and some Final Fantasy
icons. Beloved characters like Cloud.
No. Reintroducing Ninja, Swatika,
Cactus, Wizard, that thing I remember
from Kingdom Hearts, and White
Mage. Oh my god. Is this is this peak
character
[Music]
design? Taking these sprites and making
pure gold. Illustrations are by Jen Gen
Jen Kobayashi. This Enix artist has
drawn for the world ends with you and
Mousashi samurai legend. He adds a
subtle attitude to the typical Mario art
style. Check this plumber. Basketball in
one hand, back hand on the other. He's
got a bit of gangster Mickey t-shirt in
him. As for me, I'm an Anan street ball
kind of shirt guy. Like the font says, I
don't need a microphone. My game speak
for itself. Gorgeous designs and a menu
very similar to Warriorware Touches. The
game is styling as the game play may be
tougher to grasp. While not as
accessible as Mario Kart, don't let the
lengthy tutorial scare you away. You
only need to tap the screen to throw or
dribble an item block tile. The faster
the tap, the more coins you get. Coins
will amplify how much points you get per
dunk. Directly going for the hoop is not
ideal. You want a big score, you got to
risk it all by dribbling in place.
Remember, you can't have your ball
stolen if you're facing away from the
opponent. That's why I never look back,
even when I reverse out of my
driveway. Besides more manslaughter
charges, you got to worry about item
boxes and stage gimmicks, like a slot
machine that might increase your score,
or the underwater court, which sucks ass
cuz everything's in slow motion.
You can even choose your ball design. We
got the Deadpool, Pepsi Man, and Live
Goomba, or Blooper. If you enjoy
torturing animals, just rapidly dribble
that poor creature. It's legal in the
state. Morality be damned. I like to
free throw them at the garden stage
where the hoop is replaced with a
piranha plant.
What do we do? It's the circle of life,
kids. It's natural. It's fine. This is
totally normal. Help me please.
[Music]
While the worst of human nature is on
full display, Mario Hoops became so much
easier with wa optional button controls
in the menu. Yes, please. Yeah, I don't
think touch controls really add much to
this game. Though, you'll still need
touch controls for your super dunks you
must memorize the touch combo of. If you
can't do a super dunk, I'm sure Purdue
University is still
enrolling.
[Music]
Wow. Commitment. Marriage is not the
worst thing to commit to when they're
Sudoku. Whoa. Put down the Japanese
sword. I'm talking about puzzle games.
One that seems like it'd be an ancient
Japanese custom, but really was made in
America in the 70s. Though, it wasn't
until the mid200s when big newspapers
started publishing Sudokus, which
sparked its global popularity.
Then maybe you should die. Even gaming
was flooded with title after title after
title. But to stand out from the crowd,
there was
Zenoku. Imagine Sudoku mixed with
Capcom's Puzzle Fighter and a tiny bit
of WarioWow's mini games. You all know
how to play Sudoku, right? Don't worry,
if I know how to play it, it's easier to
understand than most social cues. So,
Zenoku replaces numbers with symbols as
you aim to solve the puzzle faster than
the enemy. Match a row or section and
your opponent's health bar will go down
as they'll be hit by a distracting
miniame. Blowing away candles, punching
out tiles, or pushing away objects. It's
annoying, but that's the point. That's
why you watch these
videos. Zenoku was also on PSP, which
I'll use more footage of since it fits
the video resolution better. This vid
would have released a year earlier if DS
games were easier to record. Anywh who,
the mini games. DS Touch controls made
things common sense. Tap, slice, or
drag. With the PSP's regular buttons,
they don't tell you what buttons to
press, and the controls feel so wooden
and unresponsive. Some of them, I'm
wondering, is this supposed to drag on
for so long? I got this unrolling thing,
and it just goes on and on and on. Like,
this can't be normal, right? This has to
be like a version of the game made to
mess with pirated copies. May
maybe Oh my god.
[Applause]
stick to the DS port. It's still
annoying, but it's more straightforward
with the controls. Either way, you'll
still get a roster of martial artist,
sumos, cowboys. Oh, and like a true
fighting game, a Bruce Lee
knockoff. The main feature of Zenoku is
the quest mode. Depending on your
character and the opponent, you'll get
personalized dialogue. This game has
more character interactions than 90% of
fighting games. I am [ __ ] envious.
And with the snarky script, it's
surprisingly funny a few times. But if
all that's annoying, there's the typical
Sudoku
included. Let me read this. I face 200
years of dishonor for losing, which
means I'll get 200 years of feeling
pretty good. Well, false alarm. It turns
out besides the intro, they recycle
dialogue for all the characters.
Different fighters state the same thing.
Like, come on. All you had to do was
write a text file. Was this supposed to
impress me? Is that a Fatal Fury
reference? Zenoku is kind of a cool take
on Puzzle Fighter. The DS mini games
don't drag on as much. And this would be
so fun to piss people off in
multiplayer. Like, you think you figure
out what piece to go where and damn it.
[Music]
Look it out.
We'll be back with more DS games after
[Music]
this. The following entertainment
experience has been designated cult. The
content of this feature has been known
to cause obsessive behavior and in some
cases personality
[Music]
shifts creating the cult favorite man as
well as other rhythm games. The Inis
Corporation were loved among a small
audience. Too bad great games don't
always translate to great sales.
Infinite noise of the Inner Soul. That's
what Inis stood for. A company founded
by a man, his wife, and her brother. As
they struggle to get anything sold to a
publisher, their idea for a platformer
with music that syncs up to your
movement, like a Tom and Jerry cartoon,
was despised by companies like Nintendo.
They went two years without selling a
pitch.
Guitar Man sold like nothing. any
confidence that we had built was
completely crushed like a fly. At this
point, we had kind of lost all
confidence in the music genre. We really
did a lot of soulsearching back then. I
was having some very nice conversations
with our CEO about samurai swords and
how warm cardboard can be. That's how
the co-founder and creator of Guitar Man
Kichiano felt. In this unsured time, the
team sought inspiration from Owendon
performers. basically Japanese male
cheerleaders who hype up the crowd and
continue to fight on no matter the
score. All it takes is one hit idea to
really change things around. So, the
crew thought about a motion controlled
game where you have two fan controller
peripherals waving to the music. Yet
again, another rejection though seeing
the then upcoming Nintendo DS that
touchscreen sparked an idea without the
need for a separate peripheral. That's
how we got Ouai Owend.
[Music]
Developed by Inennis and published by
Nintendo themselves. You tap the buttons
to the rhythm as you cheer on someone in
need. A wacky game with Japanese
licensed music that no way would this
release internationally. Then again,
this game managed to gain a bit of
traction from importers. Probably helped
one of the songs was Ready, Steady, Go,
which was also the Full Metal Alchemist
theme. Outside the cutscenes, you don't
need to know the same language to enjoy
the rhythm. Maybe there was potential in
going global. While Nintendo of Japan
didn't bother, the American Division
stepped up. It's my job, it's Nintendo's
job to make sure we satisfy all the
gamers and to do it better than our
competition. They're not just going to
port it. They're going to make a totally
new game, new soundtrack, new stories
and characters for the US with the same
crew. To appeal to Americans, Owendon
became the Disco Rangers, and they were
going to be inspired by the the Village
People. Uh, well, another name spitball
was the Super Sonic
Agents. Let's tweak it a bit.
Okay, taking cues from Men in Black,
Blues Brothers, and Austin Powers, we
got the Elite Beat Agents. Agents are
a choice but to get down
down here.
[Music]
Much thanks to Liam Robertson of Digino
Gaming for interviewing the developers
and archiving interviews. In contrast to
the hotblooded Japanese cheerleaders
Owendon presented, the EBA were cool,
hip operatives on a mission. Kind of fun
this spin-off took the opposite
approach. Reminds me of Totally Spies.
Somehow all this secret agent dance and
stuff made more sense to Americans than
cheerleaders being men. That says so
much about our society and yet we live
in one. If you ever need emotional
support for painting your masterpiece,
stopping a giant monster, or altering
the weather, the Leafbe agents will be
by your side dancing. Just shout
help. Trapped on an island? Will they
give you a ride? Nah, they just came in
to watch you escape on your own. All you
got to do is shout help.
Guys, I'm testifying against former
President Bill Clinton. There are people
that are going to murder me. Help.
Oh no, I can't find my keys. Help.
[Applause]
The agents are go. The Asians are what?
Are you ready? 3 2 1 go.
Every song is given story context
depending how well you do. There are win
and lose animations for so many cut
scenes. Like for this one scene, a
microscopic nurse succeeds at fighting a
virus. Though, if you do poorly in this
Nintendo published game for ages 10 and
up,
damn son, I am going and going and gone.
As for America's EBA, the track list are
all pretty good covers, though very
compressed. It's the perfect balance of
then modern 2000's music like a Lavine,
Ashley Simpson, Good Charlotte, but also
classics from Sher, David Bowie, Jackson
5, or Queen. Even the Village People,
the very influence for the American
remake are here. Due to license issues,
some songs were swapped out. They had to
remove Ricky Martin's living loca and a
Guns and Roses track. Not sure which
roses song. Maybe Welcome to the Jungle.
Either way, this playlist has
variety. Everywhere I
go, always on my mind, in my heart, in
my soul. Baby,
you're in my life. You're the
inspiration.
The manga panel stories are so damn
over-the-top, corny, and just hit right.
Like for the Christmas level, featuring
Chicago's You're the Inspiration. It's
just a mother and daughter who want to
see their dead father one more time. and
somehow the EBA make it happen. This
right here is in my top 10 top five
saddest moments in gaming. There's so
many rhythm games in the world, but I
always prefer your story-based titles
that give context to the music.
If I don't know why, but I can't like
resist. I'm recording this multiple
times over and I can't like resist
tearing up talking about this stage. If
Dance Dance Revolution is a now that's
what I call music CD, Elite Beat Agents
is a whole damn musical. EBA is a
comedic game, but even the crew admitted
getting choked up at a different scene.
It was for the good Charlotte level. A
fictional all-star baseball player Hulk
the King Briman has a few terrible
seasons. After retiring early, a fan
recognizes him at his new job of picking
up trash at a theme park. And then like
some kid like recognizes like, "Oh,
wait. Aren't you Aren't you so and so?"
and and you just see and you see the
baseball player just like pull his hat
down. It's like, nah, you got the wrong
guy, kid. And I was unprepared for it
cuz I was thinking like, oh, I'm going
to get ready just do some work soon.
Let's just see what see what's in there.
And this moment just kind of kicked me.
All the dev game dev that I've done
since then. I basically I want to have
that moment again where you know I am so
into uh what I'm making that you know it
it literally brought tears to my eyes
you know and this was sort of the
experience for the whole game where
everyone really really cared about it.
Maybe that's how it feels to run a
beloved game studio have passionate fans
yet struggle to get by. This game was
funded by Nintendo, but who knows if the
next one will be, and who knows where
that money's going to come from. You
bet, kid. As Hulk Briman continues the
daily grind, that's when a giant volcano
monster attacks, Hulk reignites his
baseball abilities and does what he can
to save the kids. If a giant volcano
monster seems confusing out of context,
don't worry. It makes no sense within
the story, as the whole game only keeps
escalating.
[Music]
Do you want to be part of it? I don't
ever want to. I don't ever want to
be like you. Upon reaching the final two
stages, EBA solidifies itself as the
Goran Logan of rhythm games. IMO. From
now on, all music is forbidden.
Watching over the Earth, the aliens have
had enough of the music and human
spirit. They imprison the world while we
reunite with everyone from the previous
levels. No music and no entertainment,
but by this point they know what to do.
[Music]
[Applause]
Even if it is futile.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Wake
[Music]
up. Wake up.
It was then and there where I learned to
leave fear in a hot car as the entire
world all united in dance. You don't
need to know the same language to enjoy
the rhythm as music destroyed the alien
invaders. Releasing the infinite noise
of the inner soul, Elite Beat Agents
gave me some of the most hyped moments I
ever felt in media ever. Transmitted
from a small handheld screen with two
Japanese games and one American, EBA and
Owendon just sold. Okay, maybe the TV
commercials made things look too easy or
the DS had stiff competition with rhythm
games,
[Music]
but EBA was expected to sell 300,000
copies in the first month. In reality,
it barely broke past a third of that. NS
and its crew continued to make other
rhythm titles as fans created OSU or O,
a fan game letting users add their own
music. EBA's crew felt it's fine, but
they joked how they can't endorse
someone copying a Nintendo IP. Agents
and Owendon were never best sellers, but
for those who played it, it probably
left a bigger emotional impact than most
mainstream hits. At least for me, it
did. [ __ ] y'all.
Mission complete. Come on. Come on. Come
on. Don't give up. Challenge again.
[Music]
Wow. That's Nintendo DS.
[Music]
Touch and play over 180 quickfire micro
games. Wario touched for Nintendo DS.
Rated everyone. I was frozen today.
Thanks again to War Thunder, my sponsor,
for making this vid possible. Free on
PC, PlayStation, Xbox, and mobile.
Remember, new and returning players
who've been gone for six months on PC
and console receive a massive bonus pack
of premium vehicles, 100,000 Silver
Lions, 7 days of premium accounts, War
Thunder.