Hello and welcome back to Nintendo
Treehouse Live. I'm Kendra and I'm up
here with Dutch and Kay and we are just
about to get into The Legend of Zelda:
Breath of the Wild Nintendo Switch 2
edition. Also, we're going to check out
The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the
Kingdom Nintendo Switch 2 Edition. And
we're going to check out Zelda notes.
So, we're going to we're going to be
doing a lot, but we're going to start
out with some footage of Breath of the
Wild. So, we will get right into that.
We're going to have some side byside
footage of the original Breath of the
Wild on the right and then the um new
Nintendo Switch 2 edition here on the
left. And right away, you can already
tell how much clearer the resolution is
in the Nintendo Switch 2 edition. The
detail on the floor, like you see all
the little lines in the design there. It
looks so good. And we're starting out at
the very beginning of the game. Anyone
who's played this before will obviously
recognize this scene. Iconic it is and
kind of emotional. We're coming up to
the edge here and we're going to look
out over the horizon. It's very iconic
moment in Breath of the Wild and already
you can see the the textures and how
much crisper detail like the trees in
the horizon. You can see like there's
more detail and even in the forest close
up. Mhm. I mean, even looking at the
definition on the cliff where Link is
standing, it's and the lighting as well.
Breathtaking
of the wild,
I see it.
And here you can see even the little
each individual raindrop. Yeah, the
texture of rain. It's really And Link's
adorable rosy cheeks cuz it's chilly up
there.
And in a moment, we're going to go ahead
and warp um into the Koro Forest. And
this is something, yes, this is
something that people really appreciate,
especially if you're coming back to the
game for a second time. Uh, the load
times are quite a bit faster on the
Nintendo Switch Edition. Here's a quick
comparison side by side in real time.
It's a race. It's not who will win. It's
not close. Yeah, it's no competition.
Which link will win? Yeah. So, more time
slaying monsters and less time watching
the loading screen, which is great. It's
just great. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, that is a
substantial difference. It really is.
And we've warped here into the woods.
And this is a a section of the game that
has a lot going on. Uh like lots of
things to animate, lots of corox popping
in and out, the mist and the flies
dancing in the sunbeams and everything.
Uh and the Nintendo Switch 2 handles it
amazingly. It's super smooth.
Yeah. Again, look at the difference in
the lighting, the textures, the improved
frame rate is extremely um No, you're
not going to grab it.
Okay. Maybe later. Just going for a walk
in the woods. Yeah. Just splashing
around looking for some Cororac friends.
It's just It looks so smooth. Really
does. Yeah. And I I will say the first
time I played Breath of the Wild, one of
the first things I did actually was to
run up to the top of a nearby mountain
and just watch the sunset. And I cannot
wait to do that in the Nintendo Switch 2
edition just to just to see how pretty
it is.
It's so nice. Like the the light and
like the details on the individual
blades of grass there as you go. Little
moes in the air. Oh yeah, you're right.
I see those. Yeah, it's really really
cool. I never noticed that before.
That's Well, and the other thing that we
haven't seen in this sideby-side
comparison, but um even opening the
menus and switching between the
different tabs of the menus is a lot
smoother and quicker um in the Nintendo
Switch 2 edition when you compare it to
the old version. So, yeah. And we'll
have a chance to check that out in just
a little bit when we get into Tears of
the Kingdom. That's right. Yeah. And the
difference here is just amazing
panorama. Yep. And I mean, you know,
he's hanging out in the forest because
that's why wouldn't you like want to
just be hanging out in a peaceful forest
where everything is lovely and there's
little Cororox listening to that music.
Gorgeous.
All right. All right. So, we're going to
switch now into um Tears of the Kingdom,
the Nintendo Switch 2 edition. Um I'm
standing here on the Great Sky Island.
Um, and you can just see the beautiful
uh Temple of Time in the distance. But
we're not going to stay here. I'm going
to go ahead for long. Yeah, we're not
here for long. I'm going to go ahead and
put on my glide suit cuz we're going to
go skydiving. We're getting super super
sharp there. We got We got to see that
that mask. It's Oh, yeah. You'll you'll
see it. Here we go. So, I'm actually
going to jump and go directly into that
chasm down there. um from the into the
depths in one go. And while you're doing
that, um I'm going to do a really quick
rundown on just what we're going to be
touching on in Zelda notes. So, we're
going to be speaking to the voice
memories, the navigation, my play data,
global play data, daily bonus, photo
studio, item sharing, and auto build
sharing. So, almost
every Yeah, we've got a lot of grounds
to to cover. And if you missed that in
the direct, Zelda Notes is uh a service
that's part of the Nintendo Switch app.
And it's designed to be used with both
the uh both Breath of the Wild and the
Kingdom the Nintendo Switch 2 edition.
Yep, that's right. I'm just going to
speed up down this chasm here.
Woo! Oh my goodness. Look at that. We
are already glad for that landing. And
the transition was super fast. So fast.
So so smooth. It just feels really good.
Everything feels like it's the controls
are reacting quicker. It's very
intuitive.
So, let's hop into Zelda notes. Let's
take a look at some of these features.
We're going to start with navigation
here. So, if we look at the app screen,
this is the home screen. Again, this is
within the Nintendo Switch app. So, we
see navigation at the top in the middle
there. So, I'm going to tap that and
open it up. Uh, we're down in the
depths. I'm going to hop down there. So,
this is basically like your own personal
Hyrule GPS. So, we've got our categories
of different points of interest here.
You see, you got so many there's a ton.
We got locations here. You got shrines,
towers, villages, buildings, all kinds
of stuff. What we're interested in right
now is enemies. So, uh we decided we
were going to go on a frock hunting
expedition here. So, we've got foxes
selected here. And what that's going to
do is it's going to highlight the
location of every single frog on the
map. And we can see there's there's one
pretty close from here. Right there. So
I'm going to highlight this one. Also
see how Link's location is updating in
real time. Yeah, that's right. On the
map. Every couple seconds you'll get a
new like an update. Uh I'm going to
activate the voice guidance. So that is
going to guide us to that frog in real
time. West. All right. So you're going
to head south. West. Okay. This is
southwest this direction. All right. And
the navigation is a great feature. Uh if
you're if you're like me, confession
time. I have not finished my own
personal playthrough of Tears of the
Kingdom. Uh cuz I've been having trouble
deciding like how close to 100% I want
to get. Uh and now that this service is
available, I am going to make full use
of it and jump in there and do all the
stuff that I've been like waiting to do.
Maybe I don't know, maybe I'll go for
100% Cororox. I don't know. Yeah. once
it's available. Yeah. All right. How are
we doing, K? Are you getting close? You
getting close? Yep. Be around here
somewhere. I've not spotted him yet.
Just hope he doesn't jump out and
surprise me. Yeah. Oh, I think I saw him
in the distance. There. There he is.
Okay. I'm going to go hide behind this
pillar. Okay. But first, I'm going to
close out the navigation so we don't
You're right. Yes. Guidance deactivated.
Yes. Cuz we need to get we need to get
geared up for this fight. I don't have
really any uh weapons that are good for
crushing rocks like with the frocks. You
really want to be able to get those ore
deposits like right away. So, um so
we're going to show off item sharing.
Dutch has has really prepared some
weapons and some other materials for me.
Good stuff in there. Yeah. So, item
sharing is basically a way to store and
exchange items outside of the game. So,
this is all within Zelda notes. So, Kay
and I are friends here. You can see K.
I'm on uh Kay's phone here on the screen
up at the top. This is Kay's item box
right here. She's got a few things in
there. Uh and then we're going to go
over to my item box. So, this um Kay and
I are friends on here. We've connected
we've shared our item boxes with each
other. So, we each have access like free
access to each other's item boxes. Um
which I could rescend if I don't like
what he made for me. Please don't. Well,
please don't. I like being able to raid
raid your items. Um you're still on my
good list.
So, we got a bunch of stuff in here. Uh,
what do you think? Let's see. So, we've
got I'm going to select a bunch of
stuff. Those key eyeballs
are the bombs. Uh, get some bombs. Maybe
I think I've only got Yeah, I've only
got three eyeballs. I also have a milk
mop. Can I interest you in a milk mop?
No, I I told you I want something to
those. I mean, it sounds like a mop that
cleans up milk, but it's actually a mop
that has milk attached to it. I don't
know. Oh my goodness. I mean, you can
use it. You can use it if you want to. I
won't pressure you, but All right. But
for the frocks, uh, how about how about
this one here? It's got 32 damage. It's
got a talis. That one that sounds good.
Yeah, that that'll do the trick. Okay.
Um, so what I'm going to do is I'm going
to hit receive down here. So that this
is sending it from my item box to K's
item box. Thank you. So these items are
now in K's item box. So we're going to
select
these Beautiful.
I'm going to send you the mod. Just see
what you think. Okay. All right. I'll
take it. And then I'm going to hit send
to game. So that will send them from K's
item box in Zelda nodes to the game. So
the way you act access that from the
game is you have these two new um icons
added to your key items menu. Um we'll
get to the other one in a second, but
here's the item sharing icon and you can
just click on this and click withdraw.
And anything that's been sent from the
service, from the Zelda notes, um just
appears here um in your pouch. And so
now I have uh this is the one you sent.
Where did it go? Uh let's see. Where did
that one go? Oh, you know what? Let's
see. Let me just double check here.
Did you send it to the game? I think I
did. Yeah, it should be
there. Maybe I'll cancel send to
game and then I'll select him again.
Maybe it was the milk mop that screwed
things up.
That's the culprit. Let's see.
Cancel. Okay. So, we cancelled that.
Let's send I'm just going to send you.
Let's see. Select these.
There we go. Send to
game. Okay. All right. So, here we go.
We're going to go ahead and
click Oh, the message is saying my pouch
is full, so I can't receive anything.
Okay. Well, you know. Oh, you need room
for items. Yeah, get rid of some of that
stuff. Maybe I'll just drop some stuff.
There we go. Okay, there we go. Well,
you know, that's probably the Yeah, you
need space for two weapons, I think. So,
as long as you have space for two
weapons, maybe it'll be okay. Oh, yeah.
That was what it was because you were
trying to send me two weapons. It was
the My bad. Let's do this again.
All right, there we go. Withdrawal
complete. Just needed some room. I just
needed to make some room. See, you threw
things off with that mop. The mop was
the problem because now I've got it's
still there for you to use it if you
want. Dutch is like don't worry. It's
the mop. Okay. So now I have that. If I
wanted to send some items to you or to
my own item box for depositing, then you
just click deposit here. And now you can
see you can send bows, shields, uh
weapons, and materials. Um, so to thank
you for the mop, the the wonderful,
wonderful mop, I'm gonna send you, let's
see, what can I send you to really thank
you for that mop? I'm going to send you
a kora fish. I'm going to send you some
dazzle fruit. Oh, thank you. I'll send
you some good stuff. Can I get a crab?
Can I have a crab? I know. Yeah, maybe
something like a fish or something.
Maybe something like a this gibdo. You
can have that. Um, so I'm going to press
the plus button here and deposit that uh
back into my item box. Um, and if Dutch
refreshes the page, you can see they've
shown up right there. And then what I
can do here is I can send uh these
guts straight to me. Go ahead, take it.
It's going to be you. Said no one ever.
Yeah. Yeah. Brand new brand new
sentence. Now, before we go and take on
um this frogs, I do want to do the daily
bonus so I can a little bit of a uh a
little bit of a leg up. So, we see the
daily bonus. That's the one right in the
middle of the app screen here. So, we'll
go to the daily bonus. And this is a
little roulette here that we can spin.
So, I'm going to tap that to start and
we're going to get a random effect. Uh a
lot of them are the same kind of effects
that you would get from eating a meal in
the game. So, I'm going to stop it. What
do you want me to get for you? Well, I
would really love something with gloom
resistance. Gloom resistance. All right.
Here we go. Big money, big money, big
money. Yeah, if you can get it. If you
can get it.
Are you hungry? Yes. Getting resistance.
We got it. Yeah. Oh, you got resistance.
Okay. Well, just want to point out that
that was completely random. What are you
talking about? We sent good vibes to it.
So, okay. So, now that that's activated,
um I can go into the game here and um
use it this way. Thank you. That's
exactly what it turned out. That was
skill. You turned out asked you what you
wanted. That turned out. So, I'm going
to go ahead and equip. So, I've got this
thing equipped. I want to equip my
rocket shield. And we're going to go do
Glorious Battle. Nice. And the one thing
I want to say about the daily bonus is
that it does um it resets from the time
that you use it 24 hours. So, from
whatever time you use it, 24 hours
later, you can use it again. Oh, no.
He's seen me already.
There you go.
Got sides on you. Nice shot. He's got
really long distance vision, doesn't he?
Saw me from a long way away. Um, another
thing I want to say while Kay is getting
in here is that regarding um, item box,
you can send 10 items a day um, into
basically and treat it as external
storage. So, want to use it have the
ability to do so. And you can even
transfer items between Breath of the
Wild and Tears of the Kingdom. You can
send them between games to yourself. If
you got like a huge stash of diamonds or
whatever in one game, uh, then you can
transfer and hook yourself up in the
other game. Yeah. It's not always one to
one cuz the items aren't exactly the
same. Uh, but you might get like a rough
equivalent. Yeah, absolutely. Uh, wow,
you're making quick work of that procs
with this effort is really good. You
sure you don't want to use that mop,
though? Uh,
it's we'll have a we'll have a place for
it later. All right.
Going to walk away from the explosion.
All cool. Like, yeah, here I am. That's
a strut. I should have equipped the mop
for that. There you go. Well, you know
what? I'll I'll equip it now. Yeah,
let's see what it looks like. my
beautiful. That is beautiful. You can
break the milk and mop it up in one
smooth motion. Beautiful thing. I don't
know why you would Well, I can find a
use for this. Yeah. Okay. So, now that
we have uh completed our task of
defeating a frock, um I actually know
that there is a point down here where I
can ascend to the surface. We're going
to go back up to the surface. Um but to
get there, I would really like a
vehicle. Um, so this is a good time to
show off um the autob build sharing
feature of the app. Yes. Um, so let's go
to the home screen of the app. Again,
we've got autobuild sharing in the lower
right hand corner. Mhm. And this is
basically a way for you to save and
share uh the schematics that you create
in the game and then other people can
then assemble those automatically in
their game. So let's take a look. Right.
So the um the development team actually
built something for this um for us and
they shared the QR code with us and so
I've already got it loaded into my um
into my your auto build auto build
sharing menu. Thank you. Um so go ahead
and send that to me now. Yeah. So it's
this starred one in the bottom right.
And we can see it comes up with an image
of the schematic and a QR code. So that
QR code uh is what we're going to share.
So, I'm going to send this. Oh, we
already received it here, but I'm going
to send it to the game. Send to game.
Nice. So easy. All right. And now to
access that from within the game, you
just open auto build here. And there's a
message now on the corner that says you
can share autobuild schematics using
Zelda notes. I'm going to click plus to
receive. And there it is. Boom. There it
is. I love how quick and easy that was.
It was very quick and easy. way quicker
and easier than trying to copy somebody
else's build by like watching a video of
it and piece by piece which I have
attempted to do with this build
specifically and it was a challenge. Um,
look at this beautiful, beautiful
creation. So, um, you can also
send schematics that you've built um,
direct from the game to your app. And
I'm going to go ahead and do that with
this really speedy car that I built. So,
if you want to share it with somebody
else, that's how you do. you take. So, I
just sent that to the app and now it
should show up there. Easy for you. Here
it is. There it is in the upper right
hand corner of the All right. So, I'm
going to go ahead and get on this and
jump over. Fly to your destination. Here
we go. And we're Can we just appreciate
There we go. And we're off. Fire
breathing. Kind of like bucks. It's like
It's like a wild animal. This thing is
definitely a gas guzzler. So, I'm going
to just grab one of these real quick.
Smart. There we go. There we go. Right.
And while Kay is flying, Dutch, you
wanted to maybe get into the just
briefly touch on the my play data
global. Yeah. So on the home screen here
in the upper right, we see my play data.
And if we open that up, this is
basically a way of tracking all the
stuff that you do in the game. So here
you can get some medals for different uh
you know like achievements or things
that you've done in the game, collecting
materials and so on. In the stats
section, you can see all kinds of
interesting stats about your own
playthrough. You can see how many
materials you've collected, enemies
defeated. Uh you can see the number of
deaths. Wait, don't show them that. Oh,
all right. Yeah, Kay has never died in
this game. No, not once. Uh and then if
we go back to the home screen on the
left side in the middle, we have global
play data. And this is a way of
comparing your own play data for your
playthrough to other people all across
the world. So you can see, for example,
distance traveled, like how how your own
distance traveled stacks up to other
people. And obviously this is, you know,
pre-production. It's not connected to
real at this point, but uh once it's up
and running, then you can do that. Yeah.
Here we can see the enemies defeated.
This is a fun one. I think you can see
the enemies that you've defeated and
then you can compare those to other
people across the world. Super cool. Uh
so yeah that's a little actually I'm
excited to see what people you can also
see it by area. So you can see stats by
like area on the map which is
fascinating is fascinating. And now and
yeah and here we are. And here we are uh
having done glorious battle with my
milk.
I didn't even need my rocket shield that
time though. Okay. So I'm going to go
ahead and just ascend here all the way
to the surface. And I want you to pay
special attention how smooth and quick
this transition is. We're locked in.
We're going all the way from the depths.
We're going all the way from the depths
up to the surface. Exactly.
Swimming.
Boom. We're here already. That was so
fast. Nice view. Beautiful. Link check
things out before he decides to commit.
All right. Looks safe. It looks safe. Um
I think that we've got a friend over
here. Yes, we do. Hello. So, I'm just
going to climb up here and uh I'm going
to I'm going to take a quick selfie
because who doesn't want to take a quick
selfie with a gleak and a milk mop and a
milk mop. Here we go. This is a great
opportunity to show the photo studio.
Okay, let's fill the notes. So, let me
first um open my album here. And you can
see the selfie I just took. Look at him
with his little rosy. He's so cute. Um,
so I'm going to go ahead and
uh use selection mode to send this to
Zelda notes.
Um, and then it should pop up in photo
studio within the Zelda notes. Yes.
Let's take a look back at the app. We
see the photo studio in the lower left.
So we tap on that and we can see our
picture right here. There it is. And
from here we can edit it. We can change
like the shape of the picture, the
borders, maybe crop it. Should we do one
one to one here? Why not? Little square.
Beautiful. Uh, we can also add some
little logos. Let's do Let's do a Zelda
in the lower left. Maybe an icon. Let's
do one of these up here. Uh, and then we
can also add QR codes either for your
item box or to a particular schematic.
So, we can put the schematic right here
for the monstrosity that you were
piloting in the depths. It was not a
monstrosity. Beautiful. Beautiful,
beautiful creature.
And then uh from there, yeah, we're
complete. And then we can save it as a
new image. So then you now you have this
image on your phone with, for example,
your QR code uh that you built from uh
your huge vehicles in the game or
whatever. And then you can share this
with whoever you want. They can build
that same schematic or do whatever they
want. And it was so easy. Like you don't
even have to take a screenshot of the
in-game photo album picture that you
took. You can just send it directly.
eliminating so many steps to get from
here to your phone to a sharable state.
And we should also mention that it
doesn't only work with the in-game
camera. You can also use it to send or
you can put screenshots that you take
with just the normal capture button uh
from your album if they're taken in uh
either Breath of the Wild or Tears of
the Kingdom. Those can go to the app as
well. That's right. Okay. So, we have
one other thing that we want to show
you. Um, which we will navigate to. Um,
but before we do that, I need a flying
vehicle. And I asked Dutch uh before
this to create something um that flies.
And I didn't give him many boundaries or
parameters. I just said, "Build me a
flying machine." And I thought long and
hard about it. So, we have the QR code
here uh from what Dutch made. And uh so
we'll show you how to scan a QR code to
to import the schematic into your own
autobuilt sharing bank. Yeah. So here
what I'm doing is I'm tapping that icon
in the lower right and then I'm going to
say use camera and I've got my schematic
over here on my phone. So I'm just going
to scan that QR code. If I can get it to
focus
here. It's a little blurry. Get it a
little bit more. Maybe
get the angle there. Oh, wait. I think
there we go. That'll be better with that
without more in the get more of it in
the image there. There we go. Yeah. All
right. So, now you just have to accept
that into the bank and then send it to
the game and I'll be able to create it
here. So, I'm going to pull it up here
and do send to game. So, I was thinking
about like what is that? Yes. I mean,
you know what that is? You know, I was
thinking about a flying scene and I was
like, what? I've seen it. What flies? uh
poulry flies, right? Like you've seen it
and yet each time it's no less shock.
It's no less shocking. I couldn't attach
I couldn't attach a live bird to it, so
I had to settle for bird meat. That's
like kind of messed up. Kind of
terrifying. Like why would I I have
mixed feelings on this. But if it flies,
I mean the eyes the understood the
assignment. I did design it for vertical
takeoff. So Oh yeah. Okay. While I get
this in the in the right position, the
navigation. Oh yeah. Yeah. Go ahead and
set navigation up for the little that we
are going to we're going to be getting
into voice memories and Dutch is just
going to navigate us. Yeah, we're going
to take it way back all the way to the
temple of time on the great plateau. All
right. And we got a surprise waiting for
us there. So, activate this and then we
can talk about what
we're good. So, as you saw the question
marks, this allows you also when you're
um you are able to turn it into
basically a spoiler-free mode so that
you can see, oh, there are things for me
to go check out, but I don't know what
they are. Um, so that's what we've got
it set to right now. So, voice memories
is a super exciting feature here where
and it will be in both Breath of the
Wild and Tears of the Kingdom. Um,
basically for this one, we're going to
check out a Zelda voice memory. And it
is her just speaking to the areas that
she's visited and the experiences that
she's had in these different places and
they are um going to be different
between Breath of the Wild and Tears of
the Kingdom. So, it's super exciting.
Um, there are quite a few of them as
well, I will say. Uh, so we're just on
our way to I feel like I'm leaning one.
Sorry, I should have warned you about
that. It pulls a little bit to the left,
but you're but you're navig You're
maneuvering it very well. All things
considered, it's a lot harder than it
looks. I'll send you the the final
version later. Very volatile.
All right. It's okay. Got it. That's
where we need to go. It doesn't fly
super well, but it looks great, but I
don't know. I can say that. It's like a
dream. The destination is close
hallucination kind of dream. Okay, now
they're not going to bother me. Here we
go. Here we go. Jumping into the temple
with the milk mob. All right. South of
here and close. Your destination is
south of here and close.
Mhm. We go. Your destination. There are
several ancient texts in works of
literature that speak of the Temple of
Time by name, but all of them describe a
structure that differs in design from
the one we see today. Hyrule's history
is long, and this discrepancy is one of
the unsolved mysteries of our land.
Okay, so that was the Zelda voice
memory. That was it. I love it. It's
just gives so much to like look forward
to and discover. And if you look at the
map now, you can just see how many. You
said there were a lot of them and we can
zoom out on the map and see they're all
over.
Look at that. Quite a few. Quite a few
to find. So, um it makes it even extra
worth it going back to replay these
games. And like you said, there are some
in Breath of the Wild as well to
discover. So, you can go back to your
old game and go find these all with the
Absolutely. navigation. Yeah. And as
well, you should because they are they
are amazing. Yes. All right. Well, I
think that's about it for this
particular segment. We'll be moving on
to Nintendo Switch Game Chat and
Nintendo Gamecube Nintendo Classics. So
stick around. That's up next.