Oh, it is starting. All right, chat, you're 
going away for now. We're going full screen.  
I don't want to see that negativity right now. 
Oh, it's—what, Peach Beach. The Noir track. This  
track which—oh man, I'm excited for this game 
all over again! Start your engines. Welcome to  
the Mario Kart World game, available exclusively 
on the Nintendo Switch 2 system. What kind of  
races await you? That's me, that's me the Yoshi. 
You'll aim for first place in each Grand Prix,  
but why stop there? Across cities—uh-huh. Cow, a 
desert—whoa! You can drive virtually everywhere  
in this—I wonder what new stuff they're gonna show 
us today. I know they hid a lot of stuff from us  
earlier. Scattered throughout various regions that 
span this world, and you can freely drive between  
them. Oh, nice, nice free roam! There's a lot in 
store. And we're—Dino Dino Jungle! Let's introduce  
some of the courses that are waiting for you. Yes! 
Tell me. Please tell me Sky-High Sundae was a joke  
and it's not actually in this game. Courses are 
found throughout the world, inspired by their  
surrounding region. DK Pass. Let's take a look at 
some of the new courses. Shy Guy Bazaar, maybe.  
It's weird 'cause they're driving to the tracks, 
right? And I—I don't always recognize it. Mario  
Brothers Circuit—okay, I'm worried 'cause this 
Direct is 15 minutes. What are they even showing  
us? I feel like this is a waste of time right now. 
All right Crown City. Yeah, we've already seen  
this. Come on. Styled down Main Street—soaring in 
style. Yoshi with the hat. Salty Salty Speedway?  
This is perfect for Mario Kart competitive 
players. [laughs] Star View Peak. I think this  
one looks so beautiful. I love this one. [laughs] 
Penguin falling off. That is such a good reference  
to Super Mario 64. I love Boo Cinema, this is 
such a great art style. And in addition to lots  
of new courses, there's Toad’s Factory—yes! What 
we all wanted for so many years. Peach Beach,  
not Peach Resorts, I guess. Wario Shipyard and 
more, okay. Past titles are also here, but now  
they're re-imagined and spread throughout the 
world, where races can happen during the day or  
at night. Just the gimmick we wanted. [Music] Race 
as familiar characters like Mario—okay, are they  
showing us anything new? Peach, Bowser—so far, 
I feel like I have not learned anything new from  
this Direct. Yoshi, yes! New drivers like—yeah! 
First one featured Goomba. Spike, yeah, we already  
knew this. That's right, Cow! Cow—not even Moo 
Moo—are waiting and ready to roll. Oh. Select  
your character—show us more. Wow, Daisy's outfit 
looks amazing. The mach rocket instead of the mach  
bike. Characters and vehicles each have different 
stats, so make sure to find the combo that best  
suits you. Yes, more guides I can make. [laughs] 
Two main styles of race revving up in this world:  
Grand Prix and Knockout Tour. In both modes, up 
to 24 drivers can participate—the most in series  
history. What is the purpose of this Direct right 
now? Rivals aren't the only hazards you'll need to  
avoid on the road. Look out for cars that shoot 
Bullet Bills—yeah, we've—we’ve seen all of this.  
Try to steer clear. Nintendo, it's been like five 
minutes. And now, get ready for Grand Prix with  
Mushroom Cup, Flower Cup. This music is pretty 
cool, though, this remix. I think this is Royal  
Raceway, the music. But we've learned that just 
'cause there's music in a game doesn't mean that  
track is in the game. Yes! Finally get to see the 
shortcut. Okay, that's pretty standard. Bro, this  
is just Knockout Tour. We've seen this. We've seen 
all of this. So don't sleep at the wheel. There's  
only 10 more minutes! Show me something new. 
Rumor has it that a certain colorful course will  
appear. Oh! Rainbow Road will appear in the sky. 
Okay, we were wondering where Rainbow Road was. I  
guess that's our teaser. A certain course appears 
in the sky. I'm excited for Knockout Tour. The  
gameplay is a lot of straight lines, but, um, but 
like, I'm willing to give it a chance. It looks  
like it's something very new that we never really 
see before, so I'm happy to see what that's like.  
Checkpoints throughout the world—if you don't make 
the cut, you're out of the running. Buckle up—the  
competition gets more intense as you close in on 
the checkpoints. You've got to drive—That Bullet  
Bill is so slow. Bagging is nerfed. The comment 
section will be so happy until they realize they  
can never make a comeback. And then they're like, 
"Wait a minute, I kind of liked the items in the  
old game." Oh yes, items, let's go! Are we gonna 
see anything new? I love the new item boxes,  
by the way. The way they're like purple. 
Coin shell—mhm. When you throw a coin shell,  
coins will appear. Now's your chance to grab them. 
Just don't let your rivals cash in first. Yeah, I  
literally—Monty Mole. Aim the hammer in an arc—and 
nailed it. Nintendo, I already made a video on  
this last week. And can be used to block off 
rivals. Mega Mushroom. Mega Mushroom! Go big so  
your rivals will go home. Feather. Use the feather 
to jump and avoid attacks. I'm too excited to be  
too much of a hater right now. Oh, you can dodge 
red shells with it? Wait, really? We saw attempts  
at that and it didn't really work. With Kamek's 
magic, your rivals will transform—transform  
rivals into Chargin’ Chuck. [laughs] You'll have 
to see for yourself. Oh, there's a Goomba flying  
through the air. So when you get items—go for it! 
Oh yeah, lightning, everyone grows right away. I'm  
glad that got nerfed too. The dancing. Uh, okay. 
Smart steering. Auto-accel. Smart steering, which  
helps you stay on the course. Tilt controls, where 
you can hold a Joy-Con 2 controller horizontally  
and use motion controls to steer. And if you have 
the Joy-Con 2 wheel—[laughs] Oh, I feel like I'm  
really dodging these cows, just like in real life. 
Okay, it's halfway through now. It's halfway. Show  
me something new. A snack sounds good right about 
now. Hey look, it's a drive-thru! Here at Yoshi's,  
you can grab an order to go. Dash food. What 
else did I expect from Nintendo? You can unlock  
outfits inspired by your meal. All right. 
Eat some sushi—what? Triple food?! Okay, we  
haven't seen that before. Oh, all Japanese. That’s 
amazing. Who knows what dishes or outfits you'll  
find. The vehicles were different too, hang on. I 
love that. That was a nice detour. Oh, that was a  
really good outfit. Oh, this outfit's even better. 
Uh, the Luigi one's all right. New tricks, yes,  
yes! New gameplay. Are they gonna name ground 
tricks? Charge jump—that's what it's called  
now. By holding the drift button while driving 
straight ahead, charge and release to jump. Okay,  
we can finally ditch the name "ground tricks." 
You guys win, it's charge jump. I don't know,  
we don't always use Nintendo official terminology 
though. Oh, that's nice. Dodging items. And if  
you jump toward a wall, you can ride for a short 
period of time. This character—I forgot the name.  
Yes! Whoa! The tricks! The Biddybuggy. And you 
may even reach places like—oh! Nice try, nice try.  
Whenever this happens, be kind and rewind. I think 
that's in free roam mode. We haven't seen it,  
but we have heard about it. And that's gonna 
be so awesome for practice. This can come in  
handy when mapping out how to best approach a 
course. Exactly, I'm so happy about this. One  
of my favorite changes as a competitive player. 
Wait, what? [laughs] That's so funny. What? Want  
to take a spin in even more races? In time trials, 
it's against the clock—time trials. Oh, you had  
us worried, Nintendo. Thank goodness this is back. 
Okay, it's still three mushrooms. You can download  
and compete against ghost data from racers around 
the world. Oh, I thought it was gonna be online  
time trials. That would have been so cool. 
It's just the same old, uh, downloading ghost,  
which I'm happy about, of course. The rules of the 
road in Versus Race. You can use the classic rule  
set of running three laps within the same course, 
or you can choose to drive the distance from one  
course to another. Perfect. Yeah, I feel like—even 
take the road less traveled and choose routes that  
aren't in Grand Prix or Knockout Tour. Oh, nice. 
That's awesome. You can choose which track to go  
to, like, in order. Group up and get ready to 
put the pedal to the metal. Eyy. Okay, yeah. I  
feel like at first we're gonna want to play a 
lot of the in-between sections, but later on,  
playing each track one by one will probably be 
the way to go. Balloon Battle? Get them! Yeah,  
and Coin Runners. Oh, I—I love the “Get ‘Em!” 
message. The coins! Race or battle—enjoy whatever  
drives you. Never been so excited for battle mode. 
Whoa! I wonder—like, we saw a glimpse of boss  
battles. Oh, I hope they'll talk about it here in 
Free Roam. You can enjoy free roam and go wherever  
your heart takes you. No roads, no problem. He's 
just going through the off-road. So many tricks  
in this game. Where's the sea monster? Where's the 
desert monster? Where's the grass monster? Penguin  
falling off again. This is definitely a reference. 
Come on, Nintendo, show us something new. There's  
a P-switch over there. Oh, yes, yes! Little 
missions! Hit hundreds of P switches you find  
across the world to start missions. Missions! They 
said it, they said it, they said the word. Yes!  
Mission mode in Free Roam mode. That'll be so fun, 
especially for beginners. I love that mode on DS.  
Speedrunning it is fun too. Oh, a question panel? 
Huh. I wonder if that just gives you coins and  
you can buy stuff with it. Oh, I love this. You 
can take photos whenever you like. [laughs] Oh!  
Change pose. Look at the camera, choose a frame 
to decorate, and—nice! Decorate too. Amazing.  
I'm so happy about that. I'm so ready to make 
thumbnails with this. It's gonna be so much  
better than before. Okay, we have 2 minutes left. 
Up to four players in split screen on the same  
system. Please tell me it's 60 frames per second, 
not 30 like Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. Dolphin. Wait,  
that menu looked suspiciously like Mario 
Kart 8 Deluxe. And up to 24 players from  
around the world can join a race or battle in 
online play. Battle mode on Dino Dino Jungle.  
That's so crazy! Who would have thought we'd see 
that? Okay, play with friends online. Of course.  
This may look like free roam, but this is where 
you'll wait while your friends join you. So happy  
about this. I'm so done with seeing that globe 
in the lobby. Yep, you can meet up with your  
crew anywhere in this world by checking the map. 
You can quickly see where your friends are and  
travel to their location. Oh wow. Yeah, I was so 
curious how free roam online is gonna work—like,  
how many different people can you see? Or just go 
for a ride together—that's what I'll be doing. You  
can also take photos together along the way if 
that's more your speed. Amazing. Eight people in  
a photo at once. GameChat. Okay, they're really 
promoting GameChat. Enjoy an expanded experience  
by talking online with friends. Use the built-in 
microphone to voice chat while driving together.  
Um, no thanks. I'll be using Discord. [laughs] Oh, 
this thing! [laughs] What, this is GTA 6! Fifty  
dollars. Fifty USD. Who's close by? I'm curious 
what chat is saying right here. You'll be able to  
tell in an instant. Oh, this drop th—still 
drop the price. Bring the Miis back. Yeah,  
where's the Miis? Together on the same system, 
a single camera detects up to four people's  
faces. [laughs] Oh, this is so funny. Enjoy the 
view and get ready to face off with your friends.  
Oh yeah, let's go back to full screen. [Music] 
Okay, skis on a non-snowy track. Coin block in  
the air. Daisy driving a boat. Toad with a helmet. 
I knew it was a hat too, he's not a real mushroom.  
Snowman! Oh yes, I'm so excited for a lot of these 
new tracks. The sand monster. Mario Kart World,  
available exclusively on Nintendo Switch 2. A 
hardware bundle that includes a digital version  
of Mario Kart World will also be available. 
That's it. You know, like, I'm really excited  
for this game, but they really didn't show us 
much. They did show us new things for sure,  
but that was not much. Oh, thanks Nintendo. Was 
expecting more. This nothing burger—literally a  
burger. [laughs] Oh! Drop the price, drop the 
price. All right, all right. Goodbye, chat.  
As always, I've watched this now in slow-mo, 
and let's see some of the new things that we  
spot. Okay, right away—this is pretty funny. Um, 
well, so first of all—look! Peach is in a Boo,  
but you can still see her. I think that's the 
way it's actually gonna work in the game. Um,  
and then look at Cheep Cheep over here, just 
knocking down the track. What are you doing? So,  
we've seen that with different parts of other 
tracks before, where they can get knocked over,  
and I guess that's gonna be a thing on a lot 
of tracks, where you can knock over the track  
elements. And so far, we haven't seen too much 
about, like, what does that actually do besides  
look funny? Like, can you crash into it and 
actually have that affect your race? Because  
it seems like it doesn't really matter when 
that happens, and the obstacle despawns very,  
very quickly. There's a trick animation here of 
Luigi with finger guns. Luigi with a gun—that is  
not a reference to anything. Now, one thing I love 
is, like, every shot of all of these tracks just  
looks so beautiful from a distance. Like, there 
is just so much put into every single track. This  
is not Mario Kart 8 Deluxe DLC Toad Circuit 
anymore. Like, this is actually a real world  
that they actually made. It's open-world Mario 
Kart. Like, it's really hitting me now that this  
is a real thing. And, uh, maybe this, like, 
maybe Donkey Kong's the new meta? Step aside,  
Yoshi. Now I'm so excited to go to Free Roam to 
do this in particular—do a cow next to the cows.  
But look at this. Okay, so these huge monsters—I'm 
surprised we didn't see a sea monster here, 'cause  
actually in one of the Nintendo live streams, 
that is what we saw. But then the person—like,  
I don't know, the Nintendo person—like, they saw a 
little laser on their forehead and they were like,  
"Oh, I can't, I got to turn around. I 
can't show you guys this, sorry." Um,  
so I thought we were gonna see more about that 
in the Direct. And I think that's, like, if you  
look back at Mario Kart DS mission modes, they did 
have boss battles, and so I'm so curious if we are  
going to get boss battles in this game. Because 
we already know there's going to be missions  
in Free Roam mode. And yeah, so boss battles are 
gonna be really cool. I'm excited to boss battle  
with one of the giant dinosaurs on Dino Dino 
Jungle. Um, yeah, this is actually scary. Like,  
this was not on the original version of the track. 
I love that. Now, another thing I'm really glad  
we're seeing more of is the different sections 
of the track. Like, look—you can go up the rail  
right here, and then you can take a top path right 
there. And here, as we're going over Crown City,  
we're gonna see, like, okay, these lamp posts. 
We've seen clips of people tricking on lamp posts  
where it's just a ridiculous amount of tricks. And 
I'm pretty sure, like, a lot of these especially  
with using a feather, you'll be able to get up 
there. Like, look, Donkey Kong's almost right  
there. And then we have these grind rails on the 
side for coins. Bowser is all the way over there.  
There are just so many alternate paths, and this 
is exactly what I wanted. Okay, and then we have  
a lot of alternate paths here as well, but we're 
gonna see, like in the clip right after this one,  
um, we're going to see—yeah, by the way, just 
keep looking on the side. You're gonna see tons  
of alternate paths. Now we're seeing a lot more 
drifting in the water. I hope water physics don't  
feel bad, 'cause that's a very common thing in 
Mario Kart—that, like, we just want nothing to do  
with water. But we see drifting on it. I hope it 
plays mostly the same as non-water. Now, the intro  
to Boo Cinema is really, really cool because here, 
this section—I don't think this is Boo Cinema. I  
think that is Boo Cinema. Um, this—these, like, 
boardwalk things—this is Ghost Valley. So,  
Ghost Valley is like a series of previous tracks. 
It's like Mario Circuit or Donut Plains, where  
there's a whole bunch of different ones. And the 
way that Ghost Valley works here is that there's,  
like, Ghost Valley 1, 2, and 3 just placed around 
here. And I don't think these are actual tracks in  
the game. I think this is just during Free Roam 
or Knockout Tour, or, like, going between the  
tracks in the Grand Prix. Like, this is just how 
you approach Boo Cinema. That is such a good way  
to repurpose old tracks because there's actually a 
lot of this throughout the game. And so not every  
one of these tracks got to make it into the game, 
and honestly, like, I'm not—I'm not too excited  
about Ghost Valley tracks making it into the game. 
They were never that interesting and exciting. Um,  
so yeah, like, the way we got three different 
Mario Circuits combined into one, and then three  
different Ghost Valleys combined into one but it's 
not even a real track, that's so interesting. And  
I don't think about it like we're losing out 
on a track. I feel like we're just getting more  
love for a track that maybe is not something 
that they thought they could repurpose very  
well for this game. This Bowser's Castle track is 
what I'm so excited for. It looks amazing. Yeah,  
this is definitely going to be one of the ones I'm 
most looking forward to. And then Toad's Factory,  
of course. Look at this brown block right here, 
and it gets crushed, and then it gets turned into  
an item box. And then Peach Beach, this is totally 
different. This is just inspired by Peach Beach,  
but it doesn't look anything like the old 
Peach Beach. Wario Shipyard, I love this.  
And they said we can play this during the day 
too. I'm pretty sure we saw a clip of that in  
one of the other trailers. Now this is, um, this 
is SNES Mario Circuit, but they've combined 1,  
2, and 3 instead of just being one of the SNES 
Mario Circuits. So, I'm really glad they changed  
up a lot of the tracks. And now here we get a 
glimpse of all of the tracks at once. Now, um,  
it's hard to tell just from the icons, but we're 
gonna put on screen here what all of these tracks  
are. And right here we can see 29 confirmed tracks 
on this map. But that's not divisible by four, so  
it's not gonna fit into the cups. So most likely 
this game is gonna start out with 32 tracks, which  
I believe is pretty standard. Like, Mario Kart 
8 also started with 32. And yeah, it got to 96,  
which is triple the track count, but that came 
with, uh, like, eight waves of DLC starting all  
the way back in, like, 2016 or something. So yeah, 
I'm not worried about the track count. I think  
Open World and Knockout Tour are really gonna 
make up for it, because that pretty much adds  
a lot more tracks, practically speaking. But yeah, 
out of these tracks, I'm particularly excited for  
Great ? Ruins, um, Bowser's Castle, Peach Stadium. 
DK Spaceport always looked really cool to me, but  
I don't think the gameplay looks that interesting. 
You know, I'm sure this will be one of the more  
fun tracks for beginners, 'cause the layout is 
easy to get and you get to do a lot of things,  
but I don't know. I—I just hope the gameplay is 
actually interesting here. Now, Sky-High Sundae  
is what I ranked very low in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe 
for a good reason, and I'm glad that we're seeing  
a little bit more tech on this track. And I wonder 
if being on the walls here is gonna add risk,  
because it does look faster to go on the wall 
instead of going on the road. But of course,  
you'll be close to a lot of people who may have 
trail items, and if you get hit, maybe you just  
fall off. And you know, you lose coins for getting 
hit and falling off, and you waste time falling  
off. So that'll be a huge risk that you have 
to manage in real races. And that's something  
that I really love when there's lots of alternate 
paths with different levels of risk and different  
resources on them, like items and coins. And that 
makes races so much more dynamic than just driving  
in the most optimal line every single time. This 
way, every race can actually feel different. And  
so, I'm really willing to give Sky-High Sundae 
a chance in this game. They also redesigned  
the layout a decent amount, so maybe that'll be 
fun. I'm also excited for some of the returning  
tracks like Toad's Factory, Airship Fortress, and 
they actually changed Toad's Factory a lot. Like,  
it doesn't look that much like Toad's Factory. 
In fact, we've seen footage of Choco Mountain,  
and Choco Mountain looks more like Toad's 
Factory to me than Toad's Factory does. But yeah,  
Choco Mountain was also such a mid track for 
me before, and I think it looks so much better  
in the redesigned version. Like, it's hardly 
recognizable, and I'm really happy with that,  
because the base Choco Mountain, like, not 
the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Choco Mountain—even  
the original Choco Mountain, I don't—like, 
I think it was so interesting at the time,  
but I don't think it's that interesting anymore. 
Compared to a lot of the modern tracks, and I'm so  
happy it's getting a change. Nowe what is Moo 
Moo Meadows doing in this game? But I'm glad,  
like, SNES Mario Circuit is getting a huge remix 
to it. Bowser's Castle looks really cool. Uh,  
Boo Cinema is definitely one of the tracks that 
I'm looking most forward to, that's new in this  
game because it just looks so cool. And of course, 
Dino Dino Jungle, one of my childhood favorites,  
which now comes with even more dinosaurs—exactly 
what child me would have wanted. Now, the new  
character section was pretty useless. They just 
showed us, like, a lot of the characters we've  
already seen. This is more like a trailer 
for, uh, for casual Nintendo fans and, like,  
parents and stuff, which is totally fine. Like, 
they can do whatever they want with this trailer,  
but I was just hoping we'd learn a few more new 
things, you know? Okay, now looking at the combos.  
Um, so we have character and vehicle, that's it. 
You can't change the tires, there's no glider,  
'cause each vehicle changes into a plane, pretty 
much. And yeah, some of these look really cool.  
So, this is pretty much the Mach Bike from Mario 
Kart Wii or Sport Bike from Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.  
This looks very similar to the Cat Cruiser, but 
not exactly. I like the Blooper vehicle. Um, the  
Monster tires—great stuff. Uh, this pipe vehicle 
is great, and we haven't seen inward drift or  
inside drift in this game. I've even seen gameplay 
of this—what do they call it in this game? The  
Mach something? Um, we've seen gameplay of that, 
and it didn't look like it was inward drift. What  
is this called? Mach Rocket? They're showing Daisy 
on the Mach Bike. That is Mario Kart Wii vibes.  
Nintendo actually acknowledging that Mario Kart 
Wii was a game they made one time. And by the way,  
this cannot be the final character select screen 
because, like, look at that, we go from the  
regular characters, and you keep gonna the right, 
and then you see the costumes characters. Like,  
what? Why wouldn't you just click on a character 
and see all their costumes? This has to be, like,  
a demo thing. I really hope this is not the way 
the final game works, you just keep gonna the  
right and keep seeing new costumes. Oh, what if I 
just want to see all the costumes for my favorite  
character all at once? Uh, but yeah, some of 
these costumes look really good. I'm so happy  
they did this in this game. Uh, so we have Speed, 
Acceleration, Weight, Handling. Traction is gone.  
Maybe it's still a real stat, 'cause otherwise, 
why are there the vehicles with skis? And uh,  
the Mini-Turbo stat that Nintendo is not showing 
us—but that, based on my analysis in a previous  
video, I'm pretty sure there's a Mini-Turbo 
stat. Nintendo, please make an update to show  
us that stat, 'cause I just know it's going 
to be important. If this is still the demo,  
I'm sure you can add it. Okay, we're not exactly 
seeing anything new here, but I thought this clip  
was so funny. Look at the Piranha Plant racing, 
that is a playable character. Now, look at the  
way Toad drifts. We're gonna play this in slow-mo 
first. Look at that! The gameplay is nuts in this  
game. Let's see it at full speed. Like, what? What 
is that? Why does that drift look like that? And  
then—[laughs] oh, I love that! Then the kaboom on 
the blue shell. Oh wow, this game is so different.  
I love the art style, though. I gotta say, it's 
really growing on me. It was a bit weird at first,  
but uh, I like the way that they're going away 
from realism and the cartoonish style. Like,  
the lighting in a lot of places definitely looks 
better than Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. I can't say the  
graphics always look better in terms of, like, 
detail, but I mean, I do think this looks good in  
its own way. Okay, now here's some new tech that 
I'm really hoping we see, because right here—um,  
we can see this Luigi takes a shortcut in the 
worst way possible, drifts in mushrooms, and then  
just stops drifting. Like, come on now, you don't 
get a mini turbo at the end. So, um, something I'm  
excited for with tech in this game is, I wonder 
how mini turbos charge. We don't really know  
exactly how that's gonna work, but right here, 
when you drift in, I'm thinking you probably just  
get a blue mini turbo. But I hope the wall bonk 
physics work just like 8 Deluxe, where if you hit  
the wall here, that's gonna help you charge up an 
orange mini turbo. Because on the first track in  
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, that's exactly what you can 
do on Mario Kart Stadium. And I just think, like,  
having walls be less punishing by just bouncing 
you off like that really helps with not just being  
forgiving, but also introducing new techniques 
into the game. And that's something that,  
um, it was such a welcome change, and I really 
hope they keep that in Mario Kart World. Now,  
I have said before that Knockout Tour can look a 
bit boring with all the straight lines, but like,  
I've never been too worried about that. I'm 
totally okay with that. And some of these  
tracks actually look really fun. Like this one’s 
not too much on the straight lines. But then like,  
yeah, the next one, like this one, yeah, a lot of 
straight lines and a lot of tricking. Yeah, like,  
I don't know, I feel like there's gonna be a very 
different level of fun on a lot of these tracks. I  
hope they're all fun, but yeah, some of these look 
way more fun than others. And the way that Bullet  
Bill slows down is crazy. I'm so glad for some of 
the comeback items to be nerfed. Now, instead of  
us speculating, they did actually show us the uses 
of some of the new items. The coin shell—like,  
it actually hits racers on the track, I'm pretty 
sure. And that's really nice. And it's nice that,  
like, you know you're gonna be mainly the one 
getting it, but a lot of the times your opponents  
can get it too. And that's an interesting item. 
It's like the blue shell again, where it doesn't  
benefit you that much. I guess I said it's nice, 
but I don't really like that. I like items that  
really benefit you. Now the ice flower is cool, 
'cause look at the amount of time you spin out.  
So, if you look at Monty Mole here, you mostly 
spin out forward, and I think you retain some  
control over your vehicle. And just in general, 
spinning out looks like it's way less damaging  
than in other games, which is great, because as 
the attacker, I just want to pass the person I  
use the attack on, and as the defender, I want 
to be able to get revenge after I get hit. So,  
I'm glad you don't spin out too much. Also, this 
hammer item looks really broken, but I'm pretty  
sure like in competitive play, where people look 
backwards, it's not gonna be that good. And we've  
seen a lot of gameplay footage, but I haven't seen 
this one yet. When you run into a mega mushroom  
from the side, I guess? Or maybe from the back? 
Like, it doesn't flatten you. In Mario Kart Wii,  
if you just touch someone in a mega mushroom, you 
get flattened. And we've seen when you run into a  
car, you could either bump off of it, or you can 
spin out, depending on how you hit the car. So,  
it's probably something similar with mega 
mushrooms. And I'm glad that the hit detection is  
a little bit more forgiving in this game, because 
the worst feeling is when you feel like you should  
not have gotten hit, but you still get punished 
fully for it. Okay, now this is wild, dodging  
the red shell with a feather, and then getting 
multiple tricks off of it. Yeah, the feather is  
gonna be a really cool item. I'm so curious, like, 
what are all the items you can dodge with it? Oh,  
and you could feather on—I didn't even notice that 
during the trailer, that they feathered onto this  
section. Wow, so this is a feather-only shortcut, 
I guess. Nice. And then you're on a grind rail. I  
hope grind rails are fun. They look a little 
simple, but obviously I haven't been the one  
holding the controller for it. And maybe it's—hang 
on [laughs] that's Bee Wario. I'm so excited for  
Mario Kart World. Ha! Kamek is gonna transform 24 
Cows into 24 Chargin’ Chucks. This is exactly what  
we needed. Now, this is very interesting. I was 
seeing this all over the place, but because I'm  
not familiar with the new vehicles, I wasn't 100% 
sure. Look at this vehicle, so this, um, in Mario  
Kart 8 Deluxe terms, looks like the standard ATV 
plus monster tires, right? But we actually saw  
this exact vehicle from earlier. I'm pretty sure 
it's the same one, and that one looks totally  
different. And I've actually just seen this a lot 
throughout. I can't really name exact ones because  
I'm not too familiar, but we've seen different 
variations of the vehicles, like different  
vehicle skins just like we've seen with different 
characters. And I don't know how that works. Like,  
is it something you can unlock as well? 'Cause 
that's really cool. With the lack of customization  
now, I'm glad there's gonna be so many variations 
of the vehicles. And now, like, that is way better  
in my opinion. I don't really want to have a bunch 
of mismatched tires and vehicles and gliders that,  
like, no matter how I put it together, it never 
looks quite right. I'm glad we have now just  
different skins of existing good-looking vehicles. 
You know, one thing that's interesting about these  
food items is it looks like when you use it, 
you just unlock the skin or the costume for this  
character. So, I get this version of Mario, right? 
Um, there was never, like, from the gameplay we've  
seen in the Nintendo Treehouse, it doesn't 
look like you unlock every single character's  
costume version. You know, it seems like it's 
just for this character. And that seems like,  
if that's true, it would be a great way to 
incentivize people to actually use every single  
character to 100% the game. Because in previous 
games, there was never really an incentive to use  
all the characters besides your favorite one. And 
there are a lot of characters, so this is gonna  
take a while to 100%. But yeah, going around free 
roam mode, you're definitely going to be able to,  
uh, get these food items all the time. So, I'm 
glad this isn't gonna be like a very tedious part  
of the game. And you're probably gonna be able 
to unlock this just during regular play as well,  
even if you don't want to do free roam too 
much. All right, now this is a charge jump,  
not a ground trick. Um, honestly, this is a way 
better description of what's going on. I actually  
thought about, um, if I were to name it to name it 
charge trick, but I just don't like... like just  
saying charge trick, charge trick, just to say 
that a lot. It doesn't feel right. It feels really  
awkward to say. And "charge jump" is like—you 
know, it's all right. This is probably better  
than "ground trick." I'm gonna just call it charge 
jump from now on. I see no downside to that, and  
it is the Nintendo official name for it. And look, 
you could use it to get to so many places. Wait,  
was that a charge jump, or is this just regular 
wall grinding into a trick? It's probably regular  
wall grinding. But look, Rosalina got so high up 
there! And yeah, it looks like every single wall,  
pretty much, is going to be grindable. Baby Mario, 
you suck. Why didn't you just, like—you can still  
grind, right? You're intentionally jumping off 
early. And it looks like you can pretty much just  
grind on any wall. Like, it doesn't matter as 
long as there's a wall, you can go there, which  
is a totally different way of thinking. I know, 
like, when I first start playing this game, I'm  
going to miss so many of these just 'cause I don't 
even try it. But yeah, rewind is crazy. But yeah,  
like, uh, Baby Mario should definitely have, uh, 
tricked later there. You can trick right here. Go,  
go, go, do it! Yes! Okay. And then there's item 
boxes, and a boost panel, and coins there at the  
end. This is great. I'm so excited to explore a 
lot of these alternate paths. Look, you can come  
up here. You can go on the left there as well, 
grind rails. I'm pretty sure you could probably  
go up there too. Uh, maybe not to the side over 
there. Oh yeah, so like, I'm just looking around,  
and I can't stop seeing alternate paths. Even 
on a track as simple as Mario Bros. Circuit,  
like, there are still grind rails and walls and 
shortcuts. I'm so excited for rewind. Oh man,  
I remember practicing the Mute City shortcut 
in Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. This is one of the most  
punishing ones to practice because, uh, you cannot 
go backwards. You just have to drive an entire lap  
every time you want to try it again. And it's 
one of the hardest shortcuts in the game. Like,  
it is so unforgiving to get good at Mario Kart 8 
Deluxe sometimes. And yeah, I'm happy that there's  
going to be rewinding in free roam mode in Mario 
Kart World. That is something we've been long  
waiting for, either save states or rewinding 
and we actually got it. That is nuts. That is  
not something you'd think Nintendo would put in a 
game. But you know what? I guess rewinding really  
makes sense, because if they want you to take 
pictures in free roam, then rewinding is really,  
really going to help with that. They probably 
don't even care that you can learn shortcuts  
better with this. They just want you to get 
nice pictures, share it with your friends,  
and then give them FOMO for not playing Mario Kart 
with you. And then they will go spend their, uh,  
$450 plus $80 buying the game and the Switch 2. 
Now, something I'm excited for in free roam mode  
that they really didn't show us here and I was 
hoping they'd show us more, but you know, maybe  
there's gonna be more Nintendo presentations. 
I wanted to see more of the bosses. Like, right  
here, I was hoping we would see that huge sea 
monster that we saw in the Treehouse, and like,  
sand monster—where are they? I want to see them. 
Like, does it not make sense as a business move to  
show them here? 'Cause I feel like that would get 
people so excited for the game. And so, missions.  
This is great. This is so obvious. There should 
have always been a better single-player mode in  
Mario Kart. But yeah, we finally got it. And this 
is gonna help you explore too, right? It's like  
setting you on paths. Nintendo is really, really 
good at designing games when it comes to this  
aspect of it. So, I'm so confident that this is 
really going to be fun. Even though, uh, this mode  
is definitely not exactly what I look forward to 
in a Mario Kart game, I know I'm gonna have a lot  
of fun playing this. Just maybe like for once or 
twice. But, however, I really wanted to see more  
of the bosses, because I know that's gonna get 
a lot of people excited that are not necessarily  
the same group as the people who just want to 
explore for exploring's sake. 'Cause we already  
know you could explore. Show us all the crazy 
stuff you can do. We just got a little little  
glimpse of mission. Now, in free roam mode, with 
the P-switches, you can actually see there's more  
in the distance. I don't see any other besides 
just that one and this one. And then once you hit  
this one, then the one in the distance there gets 
hit as well. I guess it just gets deactivated,  
like you can't activate two P-switches at once 
and, like, do two missions, basically. But yeah,  
that is going to be, hopefully, all over the 
place. And then that means you'll be able to  
do a ton of stuff in free roam that isn't just 
exploring for exploring's sake. 'Cause I know,  
like, a lot of people are excited for that, but 
I know that's not for everyone. Now, these tires  
are wacky. I'm sure, like, with this and the skis, 
there's gonna be some sort of traction stat. And  
then we just collected a Peach Medallion. So, 
at this point, we don't know what this does—if  
it's just for collection or if it's some sort of 
currency you can use to trade for stuff. And then  
here, there is a question mark block, another 
P block. You activated a question mark panel.  
You get a little achievement for this. I don't 
even know what that does. But then later on,  
when you're looking at the world map here, you can 
actually see at the bottom—oh sorry, the YouTube  
player is covering it—but you can see there's how 
many P blocks, how many question mark blocks, and  
how many Peach Medallions. So, you really do have 
something to work for in the open world. It's not  
just free roam to explore. Like, there's actually 
stuff to do, and I'm excited about that. Now,  
I think this photo mode is such a good addition. 
And if you watch me for my competitive videos,  
and you know you're similarly minded, you're not 
gonna care that much about this, let's be honest.  
But this is so good. Like, most Mario Kart players 
are very casual, and I'm really excited for this  
especially that you can take pictures with your 
friends. But just think about how much time some  
people are gonna put into exploring the world 
so that they can find just the right place to  
take a picture with their favorite character, in 
their favorite pose. And even with your friends  
that's gonna be a really funny thing to try 
and coordinate. Like, everyone pose at once,  
and someone just can't do it right when you play 
online now, there are three different modes: race,  
knockout, and battle. And it looks like you're 
gonna have VR for each of—well, I guess not VR,  
like RR. Like, VR stands for Versus Rating, 
so I guess this would be like Race Rating.  
That'd probably be Versus Rating. And then 
Knockout Rating and Battle Rating. And that's  
so interesting because knockout and versus are 
counted as, like, two different skill categories.  
Now, I really hope Nintendo does a better job 
at making the VR actually representative of your  
skill. But knowing Nintendo, they're gonna want 
to make sure that your number keeps going up as  
you keep playing. So, we're probably gonna need a 
whole competitive matchmaking rating—MMR system—in  
order to properly define everybody's skill. But 
I wonder if we will separate it by knockout and  
versus, because I feel like that requires very 
similar skills. I'm just really hoping for 200cc  
though, which we have not seen yet. But it's 
still possible it makes it into this game,  
because the game can be updated, and Mario Kart 8 
originally did not have 200, but then got it in a  
future update. Wow. Play with friends online—what 
a brutal way for Toad to get friend-zoned. Okay,  
I totally forgot to mention this. This 
sort of mini-map for free roam is perfect.  
I'm so glad, like, that, because otherwise, how 
are you gonna find where you're going? I'm so  
happy for this. And I love that you don't 
have to, like, manually go everywhere you  
want to go. You can actually open a map and just 
teleport to wherever you want to go. And look,  
you can just see where your friends are located. 
That is amazing! I want to know, though, like,  
how many friends can you see on the map at once? 
And in what way do you have to be connected?  
Can you just be friends and then it'll show up? 
Because if you just have to be friends with them,  
then, like, you know, anytime I don't know if 
Troy is online or Rod is online or JPGiviner is  
online—I just go hang out with them? Really? Just 
go crash their stream? That'll be awesome. Now,  
this is something I know for a fact, like, look 
at the way the golden mushroom gets used. Like,  
it looks really bouncy. A lot of the physics in 
this game look really, really bouncy. And I know  
a lot of people have been saying that they don't 
like it and it looks super duper weird. But I also  
know that once everyone plays this game for a few 
months and goes back to Mario Kart Deluxe, they're  
gonna be like, "Wow, why do all the characters 
look so dead and not animated?" I just know. Like,  
this happens every single game. If you don't 
think it's gonna happen, just wait. Just wait  
a few months. You'll know I'm right. Now, this 
here is giving me traumatic memories of Mario Kart  
8 Deluxe. Watch this Yoshi missed the trick. Like, 
why—Okay, so maybe it's not a trickable region.  
But then, Nintendo, why are you showing us a 
Yoshi trying to trick off of this? And then look,  
it's stairs. And it's a little bit bumpy. And this 
is probably not coded as a ramp, it's probably  
coded as actual stairs. And that is such bad game 
design, because we've seen what that does in Mario  
Kart 8 Deluxe, and it just makes your tricks not 
come out sometimes. And it's so annoying. I really  
hope that if that's how it's actually coded, and 
it's trickable and they just missed the trick,  
I hope we complain enough that Nintendo patches 
this. 'Cause remember, we are in the modern gaming  
era. Games can be patched if we yell loud enough. 
Now, here in this shot, there is a Peach Medallion  
in the background, but it's not gold. And I wonder 
if that's a special one, or if it does something  
different. Or maybe it's just one you've already 
collected. So yeah, something to look out for but  
probably nothing special. Now, somehow, we've seen 
this in the trailer such a long time ago, we still  
don't know exactly what this thing is. Like, are 
you controlling this? You probably are controlling  
this. Is this only in free roam mode? And what 
does this do? It just knocks over everything.  
I'm so confused. Why are we in this thing? What 
does it do? Whatever. I'm probably not buying  
this thing. So yeah, only 15 minutes. I don't know 
what I expected. We barely learned anything new in  
that. But we did learn some new stuff. I'm glad we 
can see new missions now, you know? That's—and uh,  
let me know what is the thing you're most 
excited for coming up in Mario Kart World.