I don't need an intro for this. Nintendo
is an awful company. They have truly
become the purest form of cancer in this
entire industry. And here's why.
Charging $80 for a video game isn't just
ridiculous, but it's dangerous. It's
setting a precedent for games to cost
more and more sooner and sooner. It
couldn't possibly be any more
anti-consumer. Nobody gives this company
enough credit for how scummy they
actually are and have been for years.
Mario 3D World launches on Wii U for
$60. Later is discounted as a Nintendo
Select for $20, gets ported to Switch
for $60. Donkey Kong Country: Tropical
Freeze launches at $50, is discounted to
20, gets ported to Switch for 60.
Luigi's Mansion 2 launches on 3DS for
$40 in 2013, discounted to $20 in 2016,
and gets ported to Switch for $60 in
2025. I mean, what? I'm sorry, what? Are
you kidding me? And let's also
keep in mind that all these games are
over a decade old, charging me $60 for a
12-year-old 3DS game that used to cost
20. And it's so lazily ported that the
game is filled with bugs and graphical
glitches. Stop buying these games. Every
dollar you spend on Nintendo is just one
more reason they have to charge you more
for less. You buying this is telling
them that I will buy this quality of a
game for this price regardless of its
age. So, what do we have now? Well, we
have a console that meets the bare
minimum. 4K output. That's something I
would expect standard from a console in
2016, let alone 2025. 120 Hz to be
expected. Although, it's nice to know
that whatever power this thing is
pumping, it ain't enough to do 4K and
120 at the same time. I guess we'll just
have to wait another 9 years for that. A
1080p screen. Jeez, I'd hope so.
And a few other little additions that
just barely scrape the standards of
today's consoles. But what about those
accessories? Of course, we now have
built-in game chat being accessible
through the C button. With the new
Switch 2 camera, you can stream your
greasy face to all your loser friends
over in Louisiana. But of course, a
Nintendo Switch Online membership is
required. So, this button is completely
useless unless you pay money. With a
paid subscription, you get the privilege
of participating in video calls
featuring a shitty virtual green screen
mask, three frames per second streaming,
and only 4 minutes of latency. All for
the low low price of at least $20
annually, and of course, $50 for the
Teimu quality USB camera. But at the
very least, now inviting friends to
parties is all done on the system. No
need for complicated instructions on how
to use a headphone jack. Wow, it only
took them 23 years. I'm glad to see
people treat this like an
accomplishment. But don't worry, I'm
sure we can all trust that Nintendo's
accessories will be made with quality
components and will work flawlessly.
They are the company that made these
after all. And these have a long history
of functioning properly, right? But now
I have a new issue. The Nintendo Switch
2 just has so many new features that
have been standard for years. And the
only piece of hardware I'm familiar with
is this Leaprog. So, how can I learn all
about these new features? Well, fret
not, jackass. All you need is the
Nintendo Switch 2 Welcome Tour. All for
the low low price of $10. Wow. Remember
the good old days when you would get a
new console and dick around with the
built-in software? These types of
software are so important because
they'll always be the consumer's first
impressions with the system. Everyone
will always remember playing around with
Picto Chat or DSi Sound on the DS.
They'll remember playing Face Raiders
and collecting puzzle pieces in the
Street Pass Plaza on 3DS. You'll
remember screwing around in Welcome Park
on the PS VA, the Playroom on PS4 and
PSVR, Nintendo Land on Wii U, and of
course the most famous pack in tech
demo, Wii Sports. Such a simple and
light game that is now cemented into pop
culture. You just cannot think about the
Wii without thinking about Wii Sports.
And what did we just teach Nintendo? We
just taught Nintendo that if you take a
16-year-old tech demo and cheaply
repaint it with content missing at
launch, then we will gladly pay $60 for
it. Think about this. A free game from
2006, a $60 game from 2022. This is
 disgusting. There is no soul
behind this game. It's graphically
unimpressive in both its art style and
visual output. And you know what's sad?
This isn't even the first time they did
this. Go back to 2013 with Wii Sports
Club, and it's the same deal. Suddenly,
a free tech demo costs $50. At the very
least, this game looks good. Everything
about its visuals is just beautiful, and
it felt good, like human beings with
pulses worked on it. Jump ahead 10
years, and you get this slot. So, what
about the Nintendo Switch 2? Does it get
a tech demo? Well, the original Switch
got one, two, Switch, a $50 piece of
 that was fun one time ever, and
that was when it launched and you wanted
a break from Zelda. I genuinely remember
the only time I had fun with this game
was when everyone playing it was
laughing at how stupid it was. And hey,
how about a sequel? A sequel to a tech
demo that takes the idea of complete
garbage and asks for another $50. So,
how about that Switch 2? This time
around, we got Nintendo Switch 2 Welcome
Tour. A tech demo more focused on the
hardware and teaching you what it does
and how to use it. And you have to pay
for it. That is the most unbelievable
 on the planet. I'm paying $450 for
your uninovative money vacuum of a
console, and then I have to pay you to
teach me how to use it. Now, we have
game sharing, which is a nice addition,
but of course, it's nothing new. You've
been able to play local multiplayer
games by streaming your game to a
friend's console on PlayStation for
years now. This being an option on
Switch is nice, and it even works
locally. But even then, they act as if
it's new. It's not even new for them.
You can share your game locally to
others with just one copy of the game.
Wow. You mean like download play? You
mean like that thing I could do 20 years
ago for free on a DS? And now you get
this mess. Only Switch 2 systems can
share games, but both generations can
receive gameplay. That's nice. Remember
how the 3DS had download with other 3DS
systems and DS systems? And there was
just no need for any other explanation
because nothing about it was confusing.
Virtual game cards are so anti-consumer,
it's ridiculous. But what if digital
games could be as flexible and
convenient as game cards? I'm sorry,
what? Yeah, I'm sitting here with my
digital game library confused out of my
mind. Shouldn't it be the other way
around? I wish that physical games could
be as flexible and convenient as digital
ones. If I have three Switches, I can
download my entire digital library on
all of them and play any game at any
time on whichever console I choose. What
about that isn't flexible and
convenient. So now all your digital
games have to be loaded and unloaded
from system to system every time you
want to play them. Wow. Well, isn't that
just an absolute nightmarish headache?
Imagine how much fun it'll be sitting
with your systems loading and unloading
different games so you have what you
want on the right consoles, but not at
the same time. Why not just say, "We
don't like people sharing accounts for
their game libraries because we want to
sell more copies of our overpriced
soulless garbage." And you got to love
how they act as if this is a win for the
consumers. You can hand over digital
games to people within your family group
for a maximum of 14 days, then they lose
access. Are you out of your
mind? I'd imagine that if you're in a
family group with someone, you're
probably close enough to where you
wouldn't mind signing into your account
on their console so they can access your
entire library. So, this is a great way
to shove monetization into one of the
most basic concepts of owning software.
So, with that on the way, we have even
more great news. Digital key cards for
Select Switch 2 games. The cartridge
will only hold the license for the game.
If you want to actually play it, you
have to download it with an internet
connection. What in God's name is going
on anymore? I've seen people try to
defend this, saying that most people are
spreading misinformation, but there is
nothing to argue with. This is directly
from Nintendo's website. Game key cards
are different from regular game cards
because they don't contain the full game
data. Instead, the game key card is your
quote unquote key to downloading the
full game to your system via the
internet. Not DLC, not partial data, the
entire full game. The game itself isn't
included on the game key card. If you
want to claim that this is just this
generation's way of selling game cases
with a download code inside, you are
wrong. This is a code for a game that is
staying on my console. This is a
physical game card with a license on it.
That is the only way I am allowed to
access my downloaded game. But this way
you can share digital games. Wow. So
like a physical game except there's
nothing in this. That is the scenario
that people are trying to defend. The
scenario that Nintendo has given
themselves and developers the option to
have control over the license of not
only your digital games, but now your
physical games, too. Truly incredible.
Nothing is yours anymore. So, the
console will only have 256 GB of
storage, which is practically nothing in
today's day and age. But make sure you
reserve extra space for games because no
longer will you be able to just play off
the game cartridge. You'll need the
space, too. Stock up on those micro SD
cards because Hogwarts Legacy is going
to end up eating 25% of your console
storage, no questions asked. And how fun
will it be to take your new game home
and watch it slowly download with a slow
internet connection because not everyone
lives in some massive suburbia where
high download speeds are the norm. This
has nothing on it but a license. And
although this doesn't apply to all
games, there are already many that are
confirmed to be using it and expect more
to be on the way. Ultimately, what this
tells me is that years from now, when
the Nintendo Switch 2 servers are shut
down, these cards will mean absolutely
nothing because there's nothing on them.
Generations from now, if you buy a
Switch 2, there will be so many games
you just can't play because you should
have existed in the period of time you
could download them in. This one is so
frustrating. Gamecube games are coming
to Switch 2 only if you pay for the
online expansion pack. Okay. And of
course, there's going to be a Bluetooth
GameCube controller released, but
obviously you can still just use the
Joy-Cons. But what about those triggers?
Somehow, we've gone yet another
generation of Nintendo consoles without
analog triggers. Another generation
where the triggers are just buttons. So,
how are some games going to be played
with the Joy-Cons? Because in many games
like Mario Sunshine and Luigi's Mansion,
both of which are being advertised,
pressing the trigger all the way and
pressing the trigger a little, do
completely different actions. Does
anyone in this company communicate? Does
anyone know what's going on? This is the
right hand not knowing what the left
hand's doing. as if you'll go as far as
to make GameCube games a launch title,
but still not bother using the industry
standard for your controller, even
though the 20-year-old controller you
have to reproduce has it? What? How
about game upgrades? You guys like
spending more money on things you
already paid for? This one is so absurd,
I don't even know where to begin. What
if, imagine this, all the poorly
optimized Switch games that run at 30
FPS at best in 720p could be played
normally without us making the effort to
actually optimize them for the hardware
they were originally developed for. And
then we can charge you for it. Games
will run at improved resolutions and
frame rate. You mean the resolutions and
frame rates they should be running at in
the first place if you put more effort
into properly optimizing them? I'd love
to know what black magic was used that
made the Thousand-Year Door run at a
flawless 60fps on my Gamecube in 2004,
but couldn't be used 20 years later to
make its HD remaster run at a consistent
30. Maybe there just is no point in
spending money optimizing games when
people will just buy them anyway. And
finally, the elephant in the room. $80
 dollars for a video game. On no
planet can you defend this. This has
nothing to do with tariffs. You can come
up with every excuse in the book, but on
no planet in the solar system was poor
old Nintendo forced to charge you $80
for a digital game and what's looking to
be $90 for a physical one so they could
keep their starving CEOs off the street
living in a box. That is
disgusting. $80 for a game that is
graphically less impressive than most
Wii titles I can think of that are going
for a similar style. That is absolutely
abhorent. Nintendo has become the
illumination of the gaming industry,
adopting the same ideology as them when
they animate movies. How can you develop
a game as cheaply and quickly as
possible? Nintendo seems to love this
disgustingly soulless art style that
clearly requires very minimal processing
power to render without much issue. You
see it in Mario Kart World. You see it
in Nintendo Switch Sports. You see it in
Princess Peach Showtime, Mario Luigi
Brotherhip. And you're seeing it in
upcoming games like Donkey Kong Bonanza,
and Tommoachi Life: Living the Dream.
This soulless pastely art style that
looks like the standard for an iOS game
in 2014. So unbelievably unimpressive
and terrible looking. It has nothing to
do with a vision or the choice of art
direction. You can go for a cartoony or
even cell-shaded aesthetic and still
make it look beautiful. You saw it on
Wii U. You saw it on 3DS. You saw it
literally everywhere. This is not
beautiful. This is not visually
impressive. And they expect you to pay
$80 for it and pay even more for
physical, which is such a scummy way of
forcing players who need to save money
where they can into switching over to
digital. Forget DRM. Digital games means
no money spent on producing, no money
spent on shipping, and most important of
all, no commission to any retailer.
every penny going directly to the
biggest pieces of in the industry.
It seems that the full price of Switch 2
games will be either $70 or $80
digitally. But just take a look at these
prices. Are you kidding me? $70
for Breath of the Wild with a Switch 2
upgrade. Didn't this game come out
almost 10 years ago? And now it costs
more. How does that work? Tears of the
Kingdom, $80. Kirby and the Forgotten
Land, $80. Mario Party Jamberee, $80.
I'd really love to know what makes
Nintendo think Mario Party Jamberee has
appreciated in value by $20 since it
came out. All it needed was three new
shitty mini games that utilized the new
systems gimmicks. Maybe just develop new
games for your system. Maybe when your
launch lineup is a cheap looking Mario
Kart, a paid tech demo, and three
25-year-old GameCube games, you should
think more about actually developing new
video games rather than selling me an
11-year-old game a third time. I've seen
people post pictures like this or say
that PlayStation was the first to do
paid upgrades. And to that, I say, yeah,
is anyone defending those? I certainly
haven't seen anyone defending those.
What kind of dumbass logic is that? I
certainly don't like paying for cheap
looking overpriced games anywhere. I
don't like paying to play the same game
again, this time with a raised frame
rate cap. Nintendo doesn't need to
charge $80 for Mario Kart because of
tariffs. Nintendo doesn't need to charge
$70 for Breath of the Wild again because
of inflation. And Nintendo doesn't need
to charge anything for a tech demo
because something that looks like this
just costs too much money to develop.
They should start taking donations
because the morons defending this could
then just wire their paycheck directly
to them instead of giving them the
burden of making Breath of the Wild run
in 1080p. And honestly, in today's
economy, by the time you boot up your
first game on this thing, you'll be
refinancing your car. The console cost
$450 USD, $500 for the Mario Kart
bundle. Over in Japan, the base system
without Mario Kart costs roughly $350
USD. What's the catch? Well, the system
is Japan only and is region locked to
only Japanese Nintendo accounts. If you
want access to other language and region
options, then you'll need to cough up
the full 450. It doesn't get any more
anti-consumer than that. Anyone hoping
to save money by importing won't be able
to because the system is region locked.
I would love to know the reason why the
multilingual system costs what is
roughly equivalent to $450 USD
everywhere in the world, but the
Japaneseon version that's only available
in Japan costs 350. So essentially,
you're paying $100 for the privilege of
using other languages. Wow, that's some
expensive DLC. And the system is not
being manufactured in Japan, just
showing that the console itself isn't
valued at $450. Here's the exact same
thing, but $100 less, except only
Japanese. Tariffs have nothing to do
with them choosing to release a
Japanese-on-only console for less or
charging $100 more for language options
outside the US. They're just coming up
with these prices because you.
There is no expensive chip they have to
put in this console to add language
options. I'd like to never spend more
than $60 on a video game, and I want the
entire industry to know that because I
don't want to pay $80 for a video game,
you idiot. Thank god morons like
this exist so these billionaire and
trillionaire companies can continue to
screw over all the normal people with
functioning brains who don't want to dig
into their savings account so they can
play a Mario Kart in the year 2025 that
looks like this. Wow, all that extra
power is really being put to use. I see.
To be a person as stupid as this must be
blissful justifying $80 by comparing it
to eating food. So you want to pay $80
for a game? You're cool with new big
releases costing $80 dollars.
You would think these are like industry
plants. Nintendo should just start
charging $100 instead because idiots
like this will find some batshit way to
justify it. Just donate your money to
them at this point. You can't fit their
entire in your mouth. So
ultimately, what can we do? Well, we can
just simply not buy it. It's that
simple. Vote with your dollar. When you
give Nintendo money for a game that
launches with no content or is
unfinished, or for a game that's a port
of a title over 10 years old that used
to be $20 and is suddenly 60, or money
for a game that is so poorly optimized
that the absolute best you can expect is
an inconsistent 30 frames per second.
That's you telling them that I, the
consumer, will give you money for this
regardless of its quality. I will buy
Luigi's Mansion 2 on Switch even though
it was $20 on a 3DS and was ported with
bugs and graphical oversightes. I will
give you $300 for a console so poorly
designed that it scratches my screen
when I dock it. Has $80 controllers with
connectivity issues that often cease to
function over time. Has UI that looks
like someone made it in Adobe
Illustrator in 9 minutes. Acts as a
portal to the world's laggiest and most
unstable web-based online storefront.
and has a library of poorly optimized
games. Half of which are being resold
for the second or third time. And the
other half comprised of cheap, soulless
shovelware quality garbage with no
polish, nothing memorable, and
absolutely no passion or love anywhere
to be found in it. Buggy messes that you
are being sold as is because you'll buy
it anyway. Do not buy the Switch 2. Do
not buy its $90 controllers or its $80
games. Do not buy it shitty camera or
its $35 piece of plastic controller
charger. Do not act like this is an
upgrade UI that went from uninspired to
uninspired with a few more circles. Do
not pay $20 for game upgrades that act
as a paid 60fps patch or a subscription
that gives you temporary access to them.
And do not buy a $450 glorified Switch
One with nothing but corporate greed at
the heart of it. Buying this not only
lets Nintendo know how far they can push
the boundaries of laziness, but
ultimately supports a company that in
its current state is making billions off
of doing the absolute bare minimum.
Years ago when Nintendo games came out,
whether they were good or bad, you could
see that 99% of them were always made by
people who genuinely cared and were
encouraged to do so. Directed by people
focused on quality and enjoyment value
over development time and costs. Games
made with love that contained the soul
of the development team that worked on
them, acting as somewhat of a portal to
a vision. Whether or not that vision is
very fun. And today, you have this. In
2015, when Sattorii Watada died, the
worst thing that could possibly happen
to the company happened. For the first
time ever, Nintendo was being run by a
businessman, not a player. Not by
someone who cared from day one and was
there for everything every step of the
way, or by someone with a genuine
interest for the product, but by someone
whose job it is to make money and that's
it. Nothing else matters as long as the
company is as profitable as it can be.
And that businessman chose another
businessman to succeed him. And how much
you want to bet that that businessman
will be succeeded by another
businessman. I honestly think the days
of Nintendo being the most authentic
company in the industry are long gone
and never coming back. People have
complaints about everyone. Xbox and
their annoying use of your data,
PlayStation's anti-consumer practices
and poor design, EA's microtransactions,
Ubisoft's abuse of DRM. But genuinely,
in complete seriousness, just ask
yourself, what makes Nintendo any better
than these companies? What is making
Nintendo not the worst company in the
industry in your mind? Because if you
ask me, they've become the biggest
cancer of the industry. Not only are
they doing everything other companies
are shunned for and more, but they're
getting away with it. What is without a
doubt the most influential video game
company that has ever existed and will
ever exist is setting the president that
consumers will buy anything and the
other companies will follow. As the
consumer, your voice is the most
important because none of these
companies would exist if you weren't
giving them your money. Demand more.
When so many companies are fighting for
your dollar, why shouldn't they fold to
your standards? When Xbox first
announced the Xbox One and boasted about
its online requirements, its unnecessary
use of connect, and all the other little
things that made people hate it, like
the lack of being able to share your
games, people made fun of them, and so
did the industry. Sony famously taunted
them with this short video on their
website. This is how you share your
games on PS4.
[Music]
Thanks, stand. And Microsoft was
spiteful. People were happy with their
360s and wanted a reason to move on to
the next big thing. And no one said it
better than the idiot trying to get us
to buy it, Don Matrix, while trying to
defend the Xbox One. Fortunately, we
have a product for people who aren't
able to get some form of connectivity.
It's called Xbox 360. If it doesn't look
good, then don't pay $500 for it. Do not
support this company. Nintendo is not
one of the good guys. Nintendo in its
current state is the greediest, laziest,
and most dangerous corporation in the
entire industry. And the only thing
that's going to make them change is
seeing you spend your money elsewhere.
So while you play your crappy
platformer tech demo that cost $0 and0
on that piece of PS5, I'll enjoy
paying full price for my disabled
wheelchair basketball game that utilizes
the mouse function of the Joy-Con 2.
This industry needs another crash like
it had in 1983. Every one of these
companies needs a wake-up call to start
over from the ground up and remember
what made their products good in the
first place. Don't spend your money on
soulless, overpriced garbage with zero
innovation. Save your money and force
the industry to do a 180. The only way
to get better products is by not paying
for them when they're bad. When the
asking price is $450 with $80 a game,
don't settle for the bare minimum.
Please do not buy this product or
support this company when they treat you
like a walking wallet with no brains.
I'm Bear Man and I've been wasting your
time. Thanks for watching.
[Music]