Did you know there was an official Super 
Famicom expansion with two cartridge slots,  
and all its games could connect to each other? 
Similar to Pokemon with a Link Cable, you could  
trade and fight with friends, and even steal their 
characters in battle, for keeps. You could also  
transfer your characters in one game over to its 
sequels. And every game had a universal currency  
you could move from cartridge to cartridge, 
to buy the best unlockables at in-game stores.  
It was one of the most clever add-ons of its 
time... but unfortunately, ‘time’ was also its  
biggest impediment to success. It hit Japanese 
stores less than a week after the Nintendo 64,  
and thus was doomed to be overshadowed from 
the very start. Despite its ambitious goals  
and potential, the add-on had an incredibly 
short lifespan. At less than a hundred days,  
it was shorter even than the Virtual Boy. More 
than half its games ultimately got canned,  
and nowadays it's mostly forgotten, even 
in Japan. Search online in any language,  
and you'll only find a few paragraphs -- 
and a lot of it's not even accurate. So we  
dug up some old Japanese magazines to learn its 
history, and today we're gonna look at the rise,  
fall, and why things turned out the way they did . 
This... is the full story... of the SuFami Turbo .
The SuFami Turbo was made by Bandai and officially 
licensed by Nintendo -- in fact, SuFami is short  
for Super Famicom: The marketing angle's that it 
takes a Famicom that’s already ‘super,’ and kicks  
it up a notch to ‘turbo.’ In our recent videos 
on the Satellaview, SNES CD drive, and Nintendo  
Power, we talked about how in part, all three 
systems were made in response to the skyrocketing  
manufacturing costs of Super Famicom cartridges. 
By 1996, hundred dollar games'd become the norm,  
with some retailing for one-twenty, one-thirty -- 
even a-hundred-fifty dollars. All those systems  
were built around alternate methods of delivering 
software -- whether it was beaming games down from  
satellites, putting 'em on CDs, or installing 
kiosks all over Japan for downloading games  
onto reusable flash carts. The Turbo was designed 
to tackle the same problem, but with a different  
solution... mini-cartridges. With a three-pronged 
strategy, Bandai'd figured out how to cut costs in  
half. For starters, they took some components 
that're in normal Super Famicom carts , like  
the lock-out chip , and stuck 'em in the Turbo 
instead, along with a quarter megabyte of storage  
that held a text font and other basic data.
You might not think a font'd take up a lotta  
space, but that's over 4000 Japanese characters 
stored as sprites... which adds up. By putting all  
that stuff in the add-on itself, none of it needed 
to be in each individual mini-cart. Storage was  
expensive back then, so the second cost-cutting 
measure was limiting Turbo games to being,  
at most, only one megabyte. That's less than a 
lotta Super Famicom games coming out in 1996,  
but still more than enough in the hands of 
experienced developers. Early-generation  
titles like Super Mario World, Final Fantasy IV, 
and Zelda: A Link to the Past had all been made  
with less than a megabyte. In other words, just 
because storage is low, doesn't mean a game has  
to be small -- if you know what you're doing. And 
third, Bandai dedicated themselves to efficient  
development cycles -- for example, by making quick 
sequels to their best games, instead of building  
'em all from scratch. The most famous example 
of that strategy's how Ocarina of Time took  
four years to make, while its sequel Majora's Mask 
only took one year, with a fraction of the budget. 
Turbo series would do the same. By combining 
all these savings, Bandai could sell games for  
only 40 bucks. The Turbo itself, also sold for 
40 bucks. A lot of games you could get bundled  
with the add-on for the low low price of just 
68 dollars -- meaning a Turbo and 2 games cost  
less than just one normal Super Famicom title. 
That was the Turbo's promise when it was first  
teased in early '96. On April 2nd, Bandai 
threw a big coming-out party for the system,  
where Japanese press got to play a few games, and 
hear some big announcements. Bandai had the rights  
to major IP, including Dragon Ball, Sailor Moon, 
Ultraman, Gundam, and lots more popular anime and  
manga franchises. They'd already made dozens of 
Super Famicom games based on those properties,  
and now they were bringing a lot of 'em to Turbo 
-- plus some original IP -- with a goal of 30  
exclusives by the end of the year.The release 
date was revealed as June 28th -- exactly five  
days after the Nintendo 64 hit store shelves. 
By the way, the N64 only ended up getting ten  
games by the end of the year. 16 bit projects 
were quicker to make though, and Bandai had the  
development capacity, experience, and the IP 
rights to make it happen. Japanese magazines  
were pretty excited, and Famitsu speculated it 
could spark a new boom for the Super Famicom. 
To put all this in historical context -- the 
Turbo was sort of a sequel to a Famicom add-on  
Bandai made 4 years earlier: the Datach Joint ROM 
System, which also used inexpensive mini- carts:  
The two add-ons even had some of the 
same franchises, like Gundam, Ultraman,  
and Crayon Shin-chan. Datach's main gimmick was 
its card scanner for adding content to its games,  
like a Game Boy Advance e-Reader. The 
Turbo, however, had a different gimmick:  
two cartridge slots, that when combined, allowed 
for some interesting ideas -- some of which felt  
like Pokemon Link Cable shenanigans dialed 
up to 11. Gimmicks get a bad rap, by the way,  
but aren't necessarily a bad thing -- 
the DS's dual screens were a gimmick,  
and you could say the Switch's hybrid format is 
too. Done right, gimmicks can be awesome, and a  
lot more interesting than just improving graphics, 
or adding more storage capacity. The SD Gundam:  
Generation games were the Turbo's main attraction, 
and also made best use of its gimmick -- so I'll  
sum up the series real quick, then explain 
how they utilized the double cartridge slots. 
There were six Gundam games, each based on a 
different era of the anime. The first was based  
on the original Mobile Suit Gundam from 1979, 
the second on Zeta Gundam from 1985, and so on,  
with the sixth ending on 1994's G Gundam. 
They're all grid-based tactics RPGs that play  
kinda like a mix between Fire Emblem and Advance 
Wars, where victory's achieved by destroying  
all your opponent's units, or capturing their 
headquarters. Cities can be captured for money,  
which you can spend to buy new Gundams. 
And you can capture enemy units as well,  
in a "prisoner of war" system that makes 'em 
permanent additions to your army. Units can level  
up with experience points, change classes, and all 
the kinds of stuff you'd expect in a tactics game,  
plus a little more. If you only had one Gundam 
cartridge, you'd play it like any other game...  
but if you had two, you could transfer mechs you 
raised in the first, over to the second. Kinda  
like carrying your Gen 1 Pokemon over to Gen 2. 
You didn't have to play Gundam games in order,  
by the way -- you could skip around if you wanted. 
Another use for the double slot was two friends  
could go head-to-head using the armies they'd 
built in their own campaigns -- similar to Pokemon  
link battles. And if you destroyed your friend's 
battleships, you could capture their Gundams as  
prisoners of war, and keep 'em forever. If that's 
too cut-throat though, friends could simply trade  
with each other, for the purposes of collecting 
and battling throughout their adventures. There  
were also a couple fighting games available 
at launch, based on Ultraman and Ultraseven. 
If you had one game and your friend the other, you 
could combine them to double the fighter roster,  
and by battling you could learn each others' 
special moves, that otherwise were version  
exclusives. Another interesting mechanic 
was that every Turbo game had an in-game  
currency -- Turbo Coins -- which you earned by 
beating levels, achieving high scores, and so on.  
Then you could transfer coins from one game 
to another -- which was especially useful,  
since buying the best stuff like Gundams 
and the most powerful Ultra attacks could  
get pretty expensive. For some games it didn't 
really make sense to have a store, so for those,  
you couldn't spend Turbo Coins -- but you could 
earn 'em, then send 'em to games where they could  
be spent. Like in another launch title, Poi Poi 
Ninja World -- an original IP that played a lot  
like Bomberman, but supported up to five players 
if you had a multi-tap. You could make custom maps  
and play on 'em with friends, or combine you and 
your friend's maps into hybrid levels. Poi Poi  
didn't have a store, but you could rack up cash 
and transfer it to other games. So basically,  
all that together's what Turbo was all about.
Games at a fraction of the price, with interesting  
ways to link 'em together. Although I should 
mention, there were four games that didn't link  
to anything else, except for coin transfers. The 
first was Gegege no Kitaro: Yokai Donjara, which  
featured characters from an iconic 1960's manga 
of the same name. Here you'll find 'em playing a  
board game similar to mahjong -- called donjara -- 
plus a couple more mini-games. Just like Poi Poi,  
if you had a multi-tap, five friends could play 
at once. Another was Gekisou Sentai Car Ranger,  
which is basically the original Japanese version 
of Power Rangers, adapted here into sort of a Mega  
Man-like melee sidescroller. All five rangers 
have a different abilities, like double-jumps,  
stronger attacks, and running faster. Sailor 
Moon: Fuwa Fuwa Panic 2's a puzzle game with  
three game modes -- story, versus, and puzzle. 
It's a sequel to the original Fuwa Fuwa Panic  
that'd come out as a standard Super Famicom cart 
the year before. Then there was Crayon Shin-chan:  
Rain Boots Splash, an action puzzle game 
based on an irreverent 5 year old from  
manga and anime popular in the 90's. It 
plays kinda similar to Bomberman as well.  
These four games were all standalone, but 
could still connect for currency exchange.
So for example, you could earn some coins beating 
levels in a Gundam game, transfer it over and  
gamble on donjara -- double your money -- then 
send it back and purchase some top tier Gundams,  
or over to Ultraman to buy some new special 
attacks. Bandai did their best to make the Turbo  
a hit -- hosting giveaways for a hundred free 
systems, and running magazine and TV ads all over  
the country: Every week there was a new excl--... 
wait hold on... What was that?... Well. Anyway,  
games were coming out at a rate of one a week, 
Bandai on track for their goal of 30 exclusives  
by the end of the year. But unfortunately, 
they ran into some problems. For starters,  
the add-on quickly got a reputation for 
erasing save data if you weren't careful  
inserting and removing cartridges. Also... the 
games felt kinda low-budget. Even the Turbo's  
crown jewel -- the Gundam games -- were all 
pretty samey,with their main differences boiling  
down to just the units and maps. Samey-ness 
was inevitable though, considering how fast  
Bandai was pumping 'em out. That was, after all, 
kinda the point of the system. But even still,  
releasing half a dozen Gundam titles over 2 months 
is... kind of a lot. But Ultraman was even more  
egregious. You could easily reach the end-credits 
in under 20 minutes, and Ultraseven was basically  
a copy-paste job of the same game,just with 
different fighters and stages. Each game only had  
3 fighters and 3 stages anyway, so they probably 
should've just been combined into one game. Maybe  
you could argue that, like Pokemon, you weren't 
supposed to buy both, your friend was meant to  
buy one, so you could link 'em together. But even 
granting that consideration -- I mean yeah, mini-  
carts were less than half-price... but a lot of 
'em felt like less than half a game. The Japanese  
magazines who were initially excited for Turbo... 
quickly lost enthusiasm after playing its games. 
  
The Gundam series fared best, averaging 
5-and-a-half outta 10 from Famitsu magazine.  
In their review, they heaped praise on the 
inventive link mechanics, and some of the  
tactical innovations like prisoners of war. But 
complained that all six games were too similar,  
and the graphics looked last-gen. The Ultra games 
they gave 4 outta 10, saying they were too light  
on content, the combat too simplistic -- and felt 
they should've been bundled in as free pack-in  
titles. The rest of the library got 4s and 5s 
as well, with Famitsu citing sub-par graphics,  
short run- times, and an overall feeling of 
cheapness. Now, to be fair, Famitsu is a bit  
stingier than Western outlets. In their 40 
year history reviewing thousands of games,  
they've only scored a couple dozen as 10 outta 
10's. Electronic Gaming Monthly gave Super Mario  
All-Stars a 9 for example, but Famitsu only gave 
it an 8. IGN heralded Pokemon as a perfect 10,  
but Famitsu said it's a 7. Point being, a Famitsu 
5 doesn't mean a game's horrible -- just that it's  
average. And that sums up how reviewers felt 
about Turbo games in general... that at best,  
they were mid. Maybe if the add-on came out a 
few years earlier, these games might've looked  
better compared to what else was on the market 
in, say, 1993. But releasing a week after N64  
was just not the best time for budget Super 
Famicom titles. They were also competing with  
Nintendo's own add-on, the Satellaview, which 
also struggled to find a player base in 96. And  
it didn't help that Pokemon landed a few months 
before, and was currently taking over Japan. 
By the way -- we keep comparing Turbo link 
mechanics to Pokemon, but to be clear,  
Bandai'd been working on it before Pokemon 
even came out. So despite the similarities,  
they weren't ripping off Game Freak's ideas. 
Earlier in the year, Bandai spoke about making a  
linkable RPG series that continued cart to cart, 
similar to how the Gundam games functioned. It  
never ended up getting made, but does sound 
a bit like how Pokemon generations ended up  
working years later. Technically speaking, 
an actual Pokemon game could've been made  
for Turbo -- a 16 bit version where you use the 
double cartridge slot instead of a Link Cable.  
Game Freak was unlikely to ever make that 
game, or license out the rights... but it's  
interesting to imagine if the Turbo'd gone 
more in that direction. Another fun thought  
experiment is how things might've gone if they 
managed to borrow some of Nintendo's IP. Mario  
or Zelda launch titles would've been ideal 
of course, but thinking more realistically,  
a smaller series like F-Zero might've been 
enough to establish a foothold. One of the  
concepts Bandai teased at launch was a racing 
game where you can design your own cars, and  
race 'em against friends with their custom cars. 
Making an F-Zero Turbo in that style would've  
attracted some much-needed interest to the system. 
That's just wishful thinking on our part though,  
'cause fact is, Turbo just never got any 
must-have titles to draw in a big enough audience.  
The Gundam games were decent, but there's only 
so many Gundam fans who wanna play tactics games.
The series only appealed to a niche inside a 
niche, when what the Turbo really needed was  
something with broader appeal. Even the Datach's 
Dragon Ball Z fighter made a bigger splash than  
Gundam, and that add-on was kind of a flop too. If 
you wanna hear more about the Datach by the way,  
check out our recent video covering NES & Famicom 
expansions. Bandai never released Turbo sales  
numbers, but we can get a rough idea from Famitsu 
sales charts. Every week they tracked video games  
sold across Japan, and published the 30 best- 
sellers. When the first 2 Gundam games came out,  
they barely made the chart, coming in at 27 and 
28. The next week they disappeared from the top  
30, and never returned. The third and fourth 
Gundams ranked 27 and 30 in their launch week,  
then fell off too. No other Turbo game ever made 
the top 30, which means sales had to be pretty  
poor. Bandai pulled advertising soon after, 
and cancelled all future releases. The last  
games came out on September 27th, 1996 -- just 92 
days after the Turbo's launch. Meaning its entire  
library only amounted to 13 games. The ones you 
heard about it earlier... that was it. The initial  
goal was 30 new games by the end of the year, 
and presumably more were planned into the future.  
Little's known about what games were supposed to 
come after those first 13 -- though Bandai still  
had Dragon Ball and lots more IP they could've 
pulled from. Before launch they'd announced a  
port of Tetris 2 + Bombliss, which released as 
a standard $85 Super Famicom cart a few years  
before, but now was gonna be a $38 mini-cart. 
Bandai had dozens of Super Famicom titles they  
could've ported over, if they wanted to let Turbo 
fans get 'em half-price. But ports don't appear to  
have been included in that count of 30, and to be 
clear, the only one they ever announced was Tetris  
Bombliss. Japanese websites claim a seventh Gundam 
entry based on Gundam Wing was in the works,  
along with two more Ultra games. None of them cite 
sources though, and 90's magazines like Famitsu  
and Famimaga never mentioned 'em. Searching the 
Japanese internet doesn't yield any reliable  
sources either, so we can't say for a fact 
if those claims are true or not. That said,  
we wouldn't be surprised if more Gundam and 
Ultraman were in the cards, since they were  
the add-on's 2 main franchises. Now's probably 
a good time to mention that info about the Turbo  
is super sparse online, even in Japanese.
The Japanese Wikipedia page for example,  
is so short it'd fit on a single sheet of paper, 
and cites zero sources. English Wikipedia's even  
thinner, and doesn't have sources either. And 
a lot of it's wrong -- like most of the games'  
titles, how linking them worked, and which games 
were available as pack-ins. It never even mentions  
Turbo Coins. Pretty much all other coverage 
online is more-or-less copy-pasted from those two  
Wikipedia pages. Info and footage for the games is 
pretty bare bones as well, which is what made us  
wanna dig up old magazines, record some gameplay, 
and make this video. That and the fact it's just a  
super cool premise for a console expansion. Two 
slots for competitively priced mini-cartridges,  
with games that connect to each other, and 
have a universal currency system. It's an  
awesome hardware concept. Unfortunately all that 
potential was wasted, 'cause Bandai half-assed  
making games for it, then immediately gave up, 
instead of fighting to get it on the right track.  
Nowadays the Turbo's been mostly forgotten, 
and you can find 'em on Japanese auction sites,  
selling for even cheaper than they were 30 years 
ago. You wanna know the saddest part of the whole  
story? The cute little mascot who appeared on 
all the box art and advertisements... no one  
even remembers his name. Though to be honest, I'm 
not sure Bandai ever bothered to give him one...
If you enjoyed this video, check out our 
recent mini-documentaries about the Super  
Nintendo CD and Satellaview add-ons. They 
were awesome hardware concepts too but,  
yet again, ended in failure. We've 
got more expansions coming up as well,  
so subscribe if that sounds up your alley. 
Special thanks to our translator Jacob,  
GoodTofuFriday for tech consultation, and 
especially Eurasia M for recording footage  
of every Turbo game for us. And of course, 
thank you for watching. See ya next time.