It's been a little while since I made my
video announcing that I had decided to
oy caught Nintendo. I made it in the
days following the announcement direct
when all that icky stuff was coming out
and I was pretty mad. Since then,
there's been quite a lot of discussion
on this topic and my little video kind
of blew up. It's now the most viewed
video on my channel which is wild. There
has been some really common sentiments
surrounding all this that have troubled
me to the point that I do feel I need to
elaborate further on what I mean when I
say boycott Nintendo. There have also,
of course, been some developments
causing many to ridicule the futility in
resisting all of this. So, let's address
that first. Pre-orders have sold out in
a good deal of the world, and the Switch
2 is on track to be incredibly
successful. I'm not surprised. It's a
new Nintendo console. I am surprised
that a lot of people seem to think I was
arrogant enough to believe my video
would shut down a billiondoll company.
I'm not that naive. Nintendo will come
out of this just fine. They were always
going to. They're too big to fail. But a
bit of bad PR is a good thing. And it's
not over yet. They're not in the clear.
It is important to note that the people
pre-ordering these consoles have not
traditionally been their core audience.
Nintendo's demographic has always been
families and casual gamers. They have
traditionally targeted their products
for mass appeal. Their demographic is
not the people staying up to 4:00 a.m.
refreshing their tab to secure their
pre-order. They're the people who give
their kid Mario is missing for Christmas
and wonder why they look disappointed.
They're the people buying a Switch for
Animal Crossing because it's co and they
don't want to be the weird one who
doesn't get all the memes about the owl
man. And when you don't live and breathe
video games, the question of whether or
not they are worth the money becomes a
lot easier to answer. Would Animal
Crossing have been the system seller it
was if it and the Switch were more
expensive? I think probably not,
especially not in the middle of a
pandemic and the economy isn't looking
much better now. People are still
blaming US tariffs despite Nintendo
themselves coming forward to say, "No,
it's not tariffs. It's not tariffs." I
don't know how clearly I have to spell
it out. The increased taxation of
imported goods into America shouldn't
really affect the taxation of imported
goods in other countries, right? It
certainly shouldn't affect digital
games. There is nothing being imported.
There are no tariffs on digital goods
even in America. Why are we talking
about this? It shouldn't come as a
surprise that the vast majority of
people in the world don't live in
America. Trump has obviously made an
impact on the world economy, but tariffs
don't rise between Japan and other
countries in the world. The tariffs
specifically only affect America and the
imported goods Americans pay for, not
the ones I pay for. I live elsewhere.
This is not to undermine the economic
impact. Prices of PlayStation 5s were
increased in several countries,
including mine recently. I personally
think we're seeing with this Sony price
increase the first signs of them
following in Nintendo's footsteps
because they've seen the world blame
Trump for Nintendo's prices and found
themselves a pretty handy scapegoat. I'm
not endorsing Trump's tariffs or Trump
himself at all when I say it's not him.
I didn't vote for him because I I
couldn't have. I don't live in your
country, but I wouldn't have even if I
was able to. I It's just not him.
Nintendo has said, "So, wouldn't it have
been much more convenient for them to
blame him like Sony has? It would take a
bit of the heat off, wouldn't you
think?" And the important thing that
people seem to forget with all of this
is that Trump walked back the majority
of the tariff increases. It's still not
great, but it's certainly not bad enough
to warrant major international price
increases on hardware. So, it's not
tariffs. Stop blaming your president.
Blame Nintendo. It is them. Those prices
were set long ago. They had to let
stores know for pre-orders worldwide.
They had to write copy to publicize it.
That stuff takes time. They weren't
sitting on their hands on the night of
the direct announcement of their new
console thinking, "hm, what should we
charge for our video games?" It took a
lot of deliberating over a long period
of time because it was a risky move. And
it's not [ __ ] inflation. Nintendo
hasn't mentioned inflation at all.
That's purely from the people defending
them. They could have blamed inflation.
Again, it's proven a handy excuse. And
it seems a lot of people would have
eaten that up. But Lord Bowser himself
has said the increase in price is not
due to inflation, but due to variable
pricing. It is the argument that their
games are so good that they should
charge more for them. And a lot of
people share this sentiment. Nintendo
games are often very good, but sometimes
their games are not that good. Or
sometimes they're just re-releases of
games that were finished years ago and
have already recouped their production
costs and then some. If pricing is set
by the time and resources required to
make these games or whatever metric
Nintendo decides is useful in pricing,
why are these games priced the same?
There is an obvious bias in companies
charging what they think their product
is worth rather than an industry
standard. You would never see Nintendo
saying, "Hey, actually this one didn't
turn out as good as we thought it would
be. You guys can pay less." They have a
vested interest in people paying more.
And it's subjective. They might think a
game has thousands of potential hours of
play time, but I might play it for an
afternoon and decide it's not for me.
They don't know how much time I'm going
to invest in a game like Mario Kart
World. They can't account for that in
pricing. It's purely hypothetical. I've
seen a lot of people say things like,
"Video games are a luxury product. Why
are you complaining that they cost
money?" Well, because Nintendo hasn't
always been a luxury brand. And I say
luxury brand. I'm not talking about
products that are luxuries. Most things
in life are luxuries. If it doesn't feed
you, give you shelter, or keep you
hydrated, it's a luxury. If you use
double ply toilet paper, it's a luxury.
Any toilet paper is a luxury. If you're
poor, why don't you just use a hose and
wipe with your hand? A luxury item
doesn't need to be expensive. It's just
something you don't necessarily need.
You don't need most things. Wanting
something is not the same as equating it
to be a basic human right. By boycotting
Nintendo, I'm not calling for the
government to implement a socialized
system for owning video games. Nintendo
has a right to charge more money for
their products, but I have the right to
protest the direction the company has
taken because they haven't always been
this way. There has been a change in the
way they sell their products. And that's
about more than a price increase. It's
about their business strategies. This
isn't sudden. It's been building for a
good deal of time, but it is now worse
than it's ever been, which is why I say
no more. A luxury brand is one that has
developed a certain amount of prestige,
that is as much to do with quality as it
is with price. It is a brand that
showcases that it is high-end by pricing
on the higher end. To market for mass
appeal is to want a Nintendo in every
home. That is not the concern of the
luxury brand. The luxury brand wants a
Nintendo only in the homes that have a
lot of money. The luxury brand wants
Nintendo to be a prestige item. Which is
why it is so worrying when Bowser
himself says, "If you can't afford the
Switch 2, don't buy it." That is not how
Nintendo has done things in the past.
Nintendo has always wanted you to buy
it. This is a change in strategy, and
it's worrying. To emphasize this, let's
stop talking about video games as
products for a second and start talking
about them as art because that is for me
the crux of all of this. There are no
other artistic mediums that are this
expensive for an audience member to buy
a console or a PC good enough to run
modern games. It It's a massive
commitment. With other mediums, it's
easier now more than ever. When I was a
kid, you can go to the DVD store and
rent seven movies a week for around 10
bucks. And now you can watch unlimited
movies for about that price a month. And
there's some real problems with that
subscription model. Cinemas are kind of
in trouble. And the death of physical
media is just as pertinent in film as it
is in games. But if you like a movie
that you saw on Netflix, you can still
buy a Blu-ray or a DVD and own it. You
can cancel that Netflix account and
watch that movie as many times as you
want. And it isn't more or less
expensive depending on which company's
hardware you're using it on. Video games
are obviously more complicated because
they have more content than a movie
does. Some games last for thousands of
hours and they also take longer to make.
It makes sense that they are more
expensive than movies, but they are a
lot more expensive and they require very
expensive hardware. For that reason,
video games have lent into this
subscription-based model. And I think
that's a good thing. It makes more sense
to pay a small fee monthly for as many
games as you want than only being able
to afford a couple a year. And that
makes sense for both company and
consumer. The business gets a steady
stream of income with customers invested
in their product. And because they are
invested, it's more likely that they
will buy those big AAA games when they
release because the hobby has become
part of their lifestyle. It's proven to
be reliably profitable and that's why
every media industry does this. And the
amount of streaming services creates
pressure for companies to offer more
quantity or quality to stay competitive.
That's why Nintendo's failure to meet
that industry standard is so
frustrating. It would be nothing but
beneficial for Nintendo to charge more
for their monthly fee, but offer the
same quality and quantity of content as
their competition. The reason they don't
is because it dilutes the value of their
games to offer them as part of a
subscription model. It's why they
re-release games with the same price as
Bond games. And it's why their games
never go on sale. It is the same
thinking that has led them to believe
it's okay for them to charge more than
their competition and that video games
with the Nintendo brand are more
valuable than any others. It is luxury
branding. There are media companies that
are luxury brands, but art itself as a
luxury brand is unusual, especially when
there is an industry standard in how
much it costs. Movies aren't priced in
the cinema by how good the company who
made them thinks it is. That's why the
decision for Nintendo to tell consumers,
if you can't afford the Switch 2, don't
buy it, is very scary. Not just for
consumers, but for artists. Artists want
people to experience their art. Artists
want their games to be played, not
treated as a status symbol, especially
when they are primarily designed for
young people. Kids don't care about
luxury. They don't care about value.
They want to jump on Goomba's heads.
Parents also don't care about Nintendo
games as luxury items because they're
not the ones playing them. That's why
these decisions are so baffling. It is
important to point out that there are
pretty shitty business practices all
around in this industry. A lot of people
called into question why I wasn't
boycotting Sony or Microsoft when
they're really awful, too. My decision
to boycott Nintendo isn't an open
endorsement to those other companies.
Saying Nintendo is bad is not the same
as saying Ubisoft is good or that
Nintendo products aren't worth the
money, but unfinished buggy cash grabs
are. The reason why I'm boycotting
Nintendo instead of Sony or Microsoft is
not because they have my big thumbs up.
It's because I think Nintendo is worse.
The decision for Sony and Microsoft to
increase their prices was pretty
labored. It took decades to finally make
it. And it hasn't taken long for
Nintendo to do it again. And it's not
justified because they could have just
met Microsoft and Sony's price increase
and made a ton more money than they
already were, which is a [ __ ] ton of
money. Nintendo has traditionally been
seen as the familyfriendly console
option, which is light on cost to
justify the technical limitations of
their hardware. There are exceptions,
but this has been the strategy for a
good long while. And even though they've
pushed the hardware a lot this
generation, it's still not more powerful
than the competition. 120 frames pers is
cool, but reports are that isn't the
case for all games, and a good deal of
games will perform worse than on other
platforms that cost less. The specs are
closer in power than they have been for
a long time, but not enough to justify
the decision to be more expensive. I
downloaded a game on Steam the other day
that I bought in
2008. That's how this should be done.
Nintendo aren't selling games. They're
renting them to you for about seven or
eight years and then you need to buy
them again. And sometimes you can't buy
them again. They take away the option.
Many people have said that it is a
terrible argument to say that Nintendo
bad cuz key cards because Sony and
Microsoft have both sold games that
require digital downloads on their
physical games to play them. Yes, but
Nintendo is worse. In the last video I
made about all this, I said that it had
only been announced that Street Fighter
and Bravely Default were guilty of this.
It turns out it's likely that all
thirdparty games will be key cards. So
that's why I say boycott Nintendo
instead of any other companies because
Nintendo are worse. But none of this
matters, right? Pre-orders have sold
out. The Switch 2 is going gang busters.
Does this all mean the boycott has
failed? Well, let's talk about what a
boycott is and what it isn't. And this
is something I really should have done
in the last video about all this. And
it's the main reason I set out to make
this one because there seems to be a lot
of confusion. A boycott is simply the
refusal to buy goods or services from a
company as an act of protest. I'm not
giving them money because I don't like
what they're doing. That's it. I'm just
not buying their stuff. I got a lot of
people saying, "What will you do if the
boycott fails? Will you buy a Switch,
too?" That's not how this works. If you
decide to become a vegetarian because
you don't like factory farming, you
don't change your mind just because
people won't stop eating hamburgers.
That's [ __ ] ridiculous. That's not
what a boycott is. A boycott isn't
getting mad that you can't afford
something. It's an act of protest. It's
not some strategic bartering maneuver.
It's simply a public expression of
disapproval. Obviously, there is an
intention behind it. I do want to send a
message. I'd love it if Nintendo
reversed some of their decisions, but
that disapproval doesn't change to
approval if they don't and people stop
caring. The reason I was angry was not
because I couldn't afford it. It's
because I think people, not just me,
people in the world who aren't me,
because there are people who aren't me.
And things affect people who aren't me
just as much as they do me. Those people
have to pay those same prices. And I
think a good deal of those people don't
have the privilege that I do. But again,
I'm not naive. I don't think my personal
decision to not bind Nintendo is going
to hurt their bottom line. I'm happy
that the video did well and a good deal
of people agreed with me and I'm glad
Nintendo is for the first time in a
while getting some proper heat. They
deserve it. I don't think Nintendo will
drop the price. That was never the goal,
which is why I never said that. The goal
was and is to not give them money.
That's it. And if you decide to do the
same, then I think that's great. And if
that snowballs to a point that Nintendo
becomes sensitive about their public
perception and starts to course correct,
great. But if they don't, I'm not just
going to kick rocks and buy a Switch,
too. So, where do we go from here? I've
decided not to buy Nintendo. What does
that mean for me as a person who talks
about video games on the internet? Well,
it's complicated because I'm a fairly
new channel and I don't really make any
one sort of video. These videos about
this Nintendo situation are funnily
enough the only videos on my channel
that are about Nintendo specifically. So
I imagine a lot of people out there will
think me saying I'm going to boycott
Nintendo is kind of like saying I'm
going to boycott turtleneck sweaters.
You're not here for sweater content. I
get it. But since branching out from
Elden Ring, I've really just started
talking about whatever it is that I'm
playing. And if I'm not buying Nintendo,
I'm not playing Nintendo. Or at least I
mean I could. But even if I buy Metroid
Prime 4 secondhand from a guy in an
alley and no money touches Nintendo's
hands, I would potentially still be
raving about a game I love and
convincing other people to buy it. And
that kind of undercuts the whole point
of this. I'm just going to keep talking
about games I'm playing, and that's
probably not going to be Nintendo, even
if I don't pay for it. And that's tough
for someone making YouTube videos about
video games. Nintendo makes some big
games, and videos about them draw big
viewership. It's tough for someone that
likes playing video games because
they're often very good. But what's the
use in complaining about all this if at
the end of the day you shrug and hand
over your wallet? And that's what angers
me most about all of this recent
business because I saw this angry swarm
of videos complaining about Nintendo.
And then within the span of a couple
days, people were showing off their
pre-order receipts. That's what Nintendo
is banking on. That's keeping up with
the Joneses. They want you to get one
regardless of the cost because you don't
want to be the person without one. Don't
buy into it. It's fine to not have one.
So, when does it end? If I don't expect
Nintendo to drop the price and I don't
expect the boycott to win, what happens?
What would it take for me to buy a
Switch 2? I I don't know. I can't give
you that answer. I can't conceive right
now what that would look like. In the
same way, before all this, I wouldn't
have been able to conceive what it would
take for me to boycott them. I don't
know, but it would be significant. I'm
not going to take the next mildly
positive news as the go-ahad to switch
it up. It needs to be a genuine course
correct on business strategy and not
just one good deal. What that looks
like, I can't tell you. But I'll tell
you what wouldn't convince me to buy a
Switch 2. other people buying it.
Pre-orders selling out won't make me buy
a Switch 2. And Nintendo making a whole
bunch of money isn't going to convince
me to give them mine. That's not how
this works. That's not what a boycott
is. If you do agree with me and you also
want to boycott Nintendo, stay strong.
There's a lot out there to play. I've
been playing this game on Steam that I
paid less than 10 bucks for. It's great.
A Monsters Expedition. Highly recommend
it. It's bursting with content, stacked
with charm. It's cheap, and in 20 years,
I can download it, even if I've gotten a
new computer. Nintendo games are often
really good, but they aren't the only
ones making great games. They don't need
your money, but there are a lot of
smaller companies that
do. So, support them.
And speaking of support, thank you
patrons. So sorry I didn't thank you in
the last couple videos. I was a little
mad and it didn't really fit the tone of
the video. Thank you to Ird DMS, Bender,
Wtoid, Blempkin. And a very special
thank you to Leo choking on Razers,
Ratini, and Banana Mate, as well as all
the lovely people you see here. If you
want to support the channel and have
your name here or said with my mouth, go
check out the Patreon. I make original
content there. I often do commentaries
or Q&As's with my community for my video
essays. I'm also going to start dropping
some mini reviews up there. I've got one
on stop, which should be dropping
sometime next week. And I'm probably
going to do one on a monsters expedition
as well as soon as I finish it. It's
massive. I have said, I think a couple
times now, that I wouldn't be making any
more videos about this situation. Sorry
for all the people sick of me talking
about it. I did feel it necessary to
classify what this boycott means for
this channel, and this was a pretty good
way to do it. Future videos are going to
be more in line with what I usually do.
I've got an essay coming soon about
story in puzzle games. That's going to
be about blueprints, Laurelai and the
laser eyes, and the witness. So that's
your warning to play them before you get
spoiled. I've also got a long gestating
video about genre featuring the Yakaza
games and many more. And of course, I
have the Elder Ring DLC guide coming. I
know it's taken a while. The game is
pretty hard. It turns out it's coming.
I'd say I'm about halfway through.
Thanks for sticking to the end. Do the
like and subscribe thing if you want to.
and you want to see more of this stuff,
leave a comment and and tell me what
non- Nintendo game you're most excited
to play next. I'm going to play Clare
Obscurer as soon as I catch up on
Expeditions 1 through 32. Be well and
please,
please have a great day.
Want to clap. Take the monkey right.
[ __ ] it
up. [ __ ] it up.