I had the opportunity of a lifetime. I
got to fly to New York City and play the
Nintendo Switch too early, including
Metroid Prime 4. Did you guys know? Did
you know I'm a huge Metroid fan? Metroid
is the reason I got into first person
shooters. I would not have this channel.
I would not be playing Call of Duty. I
would not be playing any firstperson
shooter if I didn't have Metroid. Let me
do my intro. Hey y'all, it's Butters.
Welcome back to my channel. Hope you
guys are having an absolutely fantastic
day. Full of positivity and happiness as
always. And for today's video, we're
here to talk about the Nintendo Switch
2, but specifically I want to focus on
Metroid because obviously I'm quite the
Metroid fan. We have my shirt, of
course. We have Metroid Prime, and it's
the one that has the Metroid Prime Echo
as a bonus disc. This came with the
Gamecube when it launched in the US, and
thank goodness it did because this
changed my life. And of course, I've got
Metroid Prime 3 Corruption. I have so
many wonderful memories playing this
when I had pneumonia. I'm in my happy
place right now. Metro's the best. Also,
I do want to mention, thank you so much,
Nintendo, for flying me out and getting
to play test the Switch 2 early. I This
is a childhood dream of mine. Baby
Hannah is so excited to be able to play
a Nintendo console early. By the way,
this video is not sponsored at all. I
paid for my own travel. I also do want
to show I have my Switch right here. I
don't know why I'm showing it. Um, I
customized it myself. I think I'm kind
of proud of it. I played it every single
day for 3 years straight. I realized
after going through my channel, you
can't really tell that I'm actually a
huge Nintendo fan. If you haven't seen,
I uploaded a video of my Nintendo 64
collection. I grew up on Nintendo. It
was my first console, Nintendo 64. So,
if you want to go watch that video,
don't. I was 19 years old. Thank you
very much. But if you want to, go ahead.
Whatever. I won't stop you. Anyways,
like I said, I got to go to New York
City and play test the Nintendo Switch
2. I'm going to walk you through all my
footage that I got. And I also got some
vlog footage of walking around New York.
We'll start with the footage of my
initial impressions of the Nintendo
Switch 2.
Can we Can we hold it? Go for it.
It's big. Like this ring. It's like
noticeable.
That's cohesive.
That's what I was worried about was this
coming out really loosely. It doesn't.
Even if you were to like drop it on the
side, I don't think that would come out.
Wow.
Switch, baby.
That's awesome. That's super stiff.
[Music]
[Music]
The chat button. I'm so excited to see
the result of that, how that goes.
We always turn it on. I don't think so.
I want to point out I was originally
concerned about the magnetic Joy-Cons
that attach to the Switch. I was curious
if they would detach easily, but no,
they're actually really secure. The
screen is noticeably bigger. I love the
kickstand, how it adjusts to multiple
angles. I had a chance to see the
accessories as well. Locked behind a
glass case, so I couldn't really handle
[Music]
them. New York.
We love that classic purple blurp. Is it
blurpal? Purple. We love that classic
nostalgic GameCube controller shape. I
think the controller that has those two
JoyCons that come together to make the
controller. I think that middle piece is
a bit actually significantly wider than
the original one. I'm not sure. Also, is
the Switch controller going to be
compatible with the Switch, too? That's
a question I should have asked. Dang it.
But there was one accessory I was
heavily intrigued by.
I think these are skates for the mouse
so that it's smoother when you're doing
the mouse thing. When I went to go play
the Switch 2, the Nintendo Direct that
was live, I was on my flight to New York
City. So, I got to watch the Direct, see
that Metroid Prime 4 has mouse controls.
I said, "No way. Am I going to be able
to play that? I really hope so." And I
did. We'll get to it. That's why I
assumed these were mouse gates. Next up
is actually playing the Switch 2. I got
paired up with Russ over at Polygon. So,
hi Russ. I don't know if you're watching
this, but hi. You were great to play
with even though you destroyed me at
Mario Kart World. It's fine. I'll leave
that footage.
you should be looking forward to for the
full.
The cast of Mario Kart characters are
fantastic, too. I of course had to pick
Toad because he had a big old burger on
his head. It was really funny. Truth be
told, I'm not much of a Mario Kart
player, so I got destroyed. It's fine. I
get momentum here in a bit. You'll see.
Okay, I'll
[Music]
N I'm P.
That's me. I got first. First first.
Yay. I got first place. I wasn't playing
against anybody but bots, but I got
first place. Yay. And I played as cow.
Very iconic. I'll be honest. I thought
the cows were from Harvest Moon. That
was my entire assumption. Apparently,
they're from some Mario games. I have no
idea. I love Mario, don't get me wrong.
Super Mario Sunshine, the best Mario
game, closely followed by Super Mario
64. I'm just saying. Moving on. Anyways,
moving on. You go upstairs and wow,
there's a big old room full of more
Mario Kart World, but this one was
special. We're in free roam mode. This
is currently the free roam mode, so you
can virtually uh drive anywhere you want
while we wait for other players to join.
So, each round, you're going to want to
come under a certain position to stay in
the game. Okay.
Y
[Music]
Well, that's cute.
[Music]
It's a fun way to explore the map and
warm up. Do Do people need to warm up
when they play Mario Kart? I do. I like
that there's a map on the bottom right
of the screen as well, but there's fun
stuff to interact with and I guess drive
around. Um the the free roam I don't
quite understand as well. I think it
would be cool for some people if they
just want to, you know, roam. That's
what a free roam is for. We were
exploring the area waiting for the race
to start. I think we had 24 people. You
can vote for the circuit that you want
to race and there was one that had a
pumpkin level. So, of course, I voted
for that one, but nobody else did. I
think maybe two people did. If you did,
you're my friend. You can vote for which
you want to race.
The traffic cone in the fall. Oh, that
one.
Whatever. This is for friends.
[Music]
How'd you do that? Found a boat. Find a
boat. I love pumpkins. Can you tell? The
way that this 24 player circuit works is
that you keep on racing and if you are
in the top 12, you stay in. Bottom 12,
you're out. And the more laps you do,
the more people get eliminated. So, the
higher up your place is, you will stay
into the race and not get eliminated. I
did my best and I'm actually pretty
happy with the result. I'll let it run
or I'll let it drive. It's Mario Kart.
Three, two, one,
[Music]
go in that top 20.
[Music]
Oh my god.
barrel roll. You can
[Music]
see it.
[Music]
[Music]
No.
[Music]
Wow. No.
I got fourth every single time. Okay,
fourth place out of 24 people, and I
don't play Mario Kart. Pretty good, if I
do say so myself. This session of Mario
Kart is also when I got to test out the
Pro Controller, so we'll talk about that
more later. On to the next room. It felt
like the most glorious arcade I've ever
seen. There were all sorts of Switch 2
game demos that were just circling the
room.
Thank you.
You could play Donkey Kong Bonanza. You
could play Kirby the Forgotten Land. You
could play the tutorial level that
teaches you about what's inside the
Switch, too. I have words about that
later. But of course, I was on a
mission. I had to find Metroid Prime 4
beyond. We're looking for Metroid.
I've traded my whole life for this. Aka
ever since I was 9 years old.
Oh my god.
[Music]
That's really good.
Even watching this footage back makes me
so happy. I got to play Metroid Prime 4
early. That's so cool. Needless to say,
if my reaction didn't give it away, it
was everything that I ever wanted. I do
have some thoughts, though. I use my
JoyCons to kind of demonstrate my point.
The mouse controls, I will say, for me,
it was very comfortable. However, I have
really small hands. I don't know if it's
going to be super comfortable for many
people. It's also really interesting to
hold a Joy-Con like this and then play
like this. You know what I mean? It's
very not bad. It feels like half Kbam,
half controller, which makes sense. You
know, it's different, but in a cool way.
Aiming with the mouse control was very
accurate, surprisingly, but when you
lock on, you still are able to kind of
move around a little bit. It's like a
soft aim. It'll help you lock onto the
enemy, but you still have the ability to
move the mouse control around for better
aim. I think most people are going to
play Metroid Prime 4 with a Pro
Controller or in the handheld mode. was
relaxing on the couch with the mouse
controls. I feel like you have to have
extra accessories like a mouse pad in
your lap on a hard surface or a table. I
was curious if you could use the mouse
controls on maybe your thigh or if you
could use them on the couch themselves.
So, I did do some testing. I will go
ahead and include that footage, too. Are
you ready? Testing out the mouse
controls works on desk. Does it work on
chamber?
It does, but it's less grippy. That
makes sense. Does it work on arms?
It works on arms. It's not very
cohesive, but you can do it. Now, what I
want to test
[Music]
for it works.
I don't know what I'm going to do with
that information, but it's just good to
know. I wanted to test out the thigh
because if I'm sitting on my couch and I
want to play like this, I was wondering
if I could do it. However, the mouse
control will disable itself if it goes
into the upright position. So, if I'm
leaning back like this and I want to
play like this, I can't. I have to
basically have it like this and play
like this thing. This this this too
much. I'm sorry. I'm leaving a couple
hours to drive 10 hours to Florida, so
don't mind me. My brain's kind of a bit
of mush. Long story short, mouse
controls very good. I did play with the
mouse skates on as well, so it made it
more smooth. Without the skates, it
didn't feel as smooth. So, if you want
to play with the mouse control on
Metroid Prime 4, the skates would
probably be a necessity. Ready for
buying accessories? As for the feel of
Metroid Prime 4, I think it feels very
reminiscent to a Halo campaign. To be
fair, I only played a demo, but the demo
consists of you going up to soldiers and
talking and saying, "We're going to do
this, guys." And I'm like, "This is a
lot of dialogue for a Metroid game. Not
bad. Obviously, I love Halo." And I'm
sure having a lot of dialogue in the
beginning makes sense because tutorials,
learning the game. I played the full
demo, which was about 20 minutes, but
I'm really hoping that on full release
that we get a lot of that isolated
exploration. That is without a doubt my
favorite part of the Metroid Prime
series. If I hear the Fendana Drift
soundtrack one more time, I'm going to
burst out into tears. I can't take it.
My childhood. I do know what resolution
I was playing on this. I was playing
1080p with 120 Hz refresh rate. Looked
fantastic. By the way, aesthetically,
the game is the most similar to the
first Metroid Prime. The Morphall
especially feels like it was pulled from
the first Metroid Prime and ploped into
this one, but in slightly more HD.
There's a side dash. Let's talk about
the gameplay. There is a side dash in
Metroid Prime 4. That's crazy and so
necessary. When I was going against this
boss, you can see that I'm dodging by
using the morph ball to duck underneath
his attack. And then you'll see here
that I actually do a side dash to avoid
a fast energy ball attack from him. You
have to side dash to avoid it. Side
dashing is so cohesive and so good. A
very necessary addition to this game for
sure. Out of the Metroid Primes that I
have played, this one feels the most
like an FPS. I feel like these other
ones are more like a firsterson
exploration. This feels like an FPS.
Only concern is that they don't focus as
much on the exploration, but I'm sure
when the full game comes out, we'll have
our answer. I know I'm focusing a lot of
Metroid Prime 4. Okay, I got on that
flight specifically with the idea of do
I get to play Metroid Prime 4? Not that
I'm not excited about the other games.
Let's talk about those really quick. Oh,
I also wore my Metroid shirt to the
event as well, because of course I did.
I played some Kirby and the Forgotten
Land, and I just need to play more
platformers in my life. This one is so
wholesome, cute, bright, colorful,
shiny, even. Wow, we're on top of it
with our adjectives today, Hannah. And
the gameplay looked sharp. I think it's
the wording I want to use.
[Music]
We can't forget the bouncy Kirby trophy
that we got at the very end. His face is
so good. so complacent. So present, but
so complacent. I've never owned a Kirby
game in my life, so I really don't have
too much input, but I do know that it
was great. It was sharp. It was
responsive. A great time to play on the
Switch, too. And I played on the Pro
Controller. I'm going to mention that,
too. I also got to play Donkey Kong
Bonanza. And Donkey Kong 64 is actually
one of my favorite platformers. So, the
fact that they're bringing back another
3D Donkey Kong game, completely
unexpected, but extremely welcomed. I
don't think I got much gameplay, though.
[Music]
You take this. You can aim with a
controller like
this. That's
crazy. And you get
It's so much fun.
[Music]
That's a goofy game. I don't know how
else to explain it. A lot of hidden
areas, a lot of secrets. You got to pull
up the ground and the walls and stuff.
You can even pull up some of the ground
and you can surf on it, which is really
cool. The guy manning the Donkey Kong
Bonanza station asked me, "Do you have
any input, any feedback on this game?" I
said, "The first month is going to be
awful for the developers because these
gamers, they're going to do everything
in their power to break this game.
You're going to have so many patches."
He said, "Cool. Sounds good." I had a
chance to go back through and replay
some things and get a closer look at the
Pro Controller. Let's look at that.
We're looking at the Nintendo Switch to
um the Pro Controller that I think comes
in the box, I'm pretty sure. Um what I
found very intriguing about it is that
it has paddles on there or like little
buttons on the back. I find that to be
really cool. I tried using them in uh
games. We tried two games today and it
doesn't work any of them. So, are they
mappable? What are they? Are they
nonmappable? Are they A and B? Are they
left or right? I don't know,
but you know, pressing buttons would
make that go. This is cohesive. It's
good. I was just curious about the
buttons. I love how the controller has
the buttons on the bottom. Very similar
to Scuf controllers. Obviously, I play
with uh Where's my Scuff? This will do
for now. This is my Scuf controller. If
you're new here, hi. I have a controller
with my uh with my face on it. This is
not a self-promo. I'm just saying it's
definitely not one because it's not
going to focus. Okay, if you can see
back here, I do have paddles on the back
of my controller, and it is a game
changer, as cheesy as it sounds. So, I'm
happy that the Pro Controller has that,
too. Oh, I revisited Metroid Prime 4,
and I discovered when you use the charge
beam and you blow it up in Samus' face,
you can see her face. You remember that
from Metroid Prime 3 Corruption? Oh my
god,
you can see her face.
That's so cool. I freaked out. I can't
tell you how excited I am about Metroid
Prime 4. Anyways, that concludes my
Nintendo Switch 2 play session. I will
go ahead and share very, very quick that
I did get to explore New York City a
bit. Man, the hustle and bustle, let me
tell you. I was getting 20k steps a day.
I'm not quite used to that. I'm from
Georgia, so we drive everywhere. And uh
being able to walk everywhere,
phenomenal. The bagels, the coffee, the
bread, the pizza. Heavenly. I'm not even
kidding you. I got the rainbow bagel.
Apparently, it's uh popular on social
media. I didn't know that. I just said,
"Ooh, rainbow bagel and blueberry cream
cheese." So, I had that and it was
divine. I got to see Grand Central
Station as well. That was
cool. This place is
huge. Full ceiling. All I could think
about when exploring New York City is
that I feel like I'm playing a
Spider-Man game. Or really, many games.
Many cities and games are based off of
New York City. Right. For me, the one
that comes to mind is Spider-Man. The
Minecraft movie was out in theaters, so
there was a lot of Minecraft movie
posters and stuff everywhere in Time
Square. And there was a Nintendo store.
I didn't go in. It was closing and I had
already gotten my dose of Nintendo. So,
I think it's okay. Something y'all
should know about me and if you don't
know, you're going to know right now. I
love boats. I love aircraft. My dad's a
pilot and I own a boat. Those two
things, whenever I have a chance to go
to an aviation museum or a boat museum,
I'm there. And New York City has the
Intrepid Museum where you board a flight
carrier, you walk around, you learn a
lot about aviation history. You see lots
of planes. They even got a nuclear
weapons carrying submarine there. I
didn't go on that. Um, submarines are
cool. while I just was making use of my
time. What I wanted to see but also
didn't want to see because it scares the
crap out of me. Have y'all heard of
Concord? Concord is the fastest
commercial airliner that actually was
used to transport people. You could go
across the Atlantic Ocean from the US to
Europe or something in less than 3 hours
or around 3 hours or something like
that. Way too fast. You go 60,000 ft in
the air. Can you tell? I am mortified. I
wanted to see Concord in person because
what a piece of history. And I got to
see it. It has a very pointy nose. It's
got the the snoot that's very just it
has to be because it goes so fast. It
goes so high in the air. Goes 60,000
feet in the air. Oh my god, I want to
think about it. H I got to see Concord.
That was iconic. Uh yeah, I feel like
Concord has its own fan base and to be
able to see I didn't get to go inside,
but it was so worth the trip. I also
didn't know that this museum has the
Enterprise, which is a space shuttle.
And if you know me, I'm terrified of
space. I think space is the scariest
thing. I was about to say on the planet,
but it ascends that. Oh my god. I stood
underneath the Enterprise and I felt
very existential and woozy, but wow,
it's incredible what humanity is able to
achieve. How did we do that? How do we
How do we make these things? How do we
go to space? As for the military
aircraft that I got to see, I made a
joke saying that I got a seven kill
streak in Modifer 29 and Black Ops 1
because I got to see a Harrier and a
Cobra. The Cobra is also featured in the
COD 4 mission Shock and Awe. If you
know, you know. I like planes. I like
boats. I like submarines. I like jets.
Space shuttles scare me, but I'll go
look at them. Amazing trip. If you have
not gone to this museum and you're in
New York City, go here. Go say hi to
Concord. You have to say hi to them. It
was fascinating. I I don't have any
other words. I don't know what else to
say. Oh, and while I was looking at the
aircraft, there was also a military
aircraft that passed above. To me, it
looked like an AC-130, but of course,
I'm a COD player, so of course I'm going
to think that. I don't know what it was.
So, if you know, please comment down
below and let me know. But it was really
cool. How do we make things that are so
heavy fly in the air? How do we make
things float on the water? I my fear of
these things makes me want to learn
more. Need the knowledge. With that
being said, that concludes my New York
City trip and I flew back to Atlanta and
I got to watch a plane land at the
airport. I could watch that all day.
Let's go ahead and talk about it. What
do I think about the Nintendo Switch 2?
It's a solid console. Definitely an
improvement from the original Switch.
Out of the games that I played, Metroid
Prime 4 was life-changing. I don't know
how else to describe it. I'm obsessed
with that game. I can't wait for it to
come out. Absolute 10 out of 10. Mario
Kart World, especially with that $90
price tag, I simply will not be buying
that. Sorry, not sorry. I don't like
Mario Kart enough to buy it. Also, for
$90, have fun with that. I'm good.
Donkey Kong Bonanza was super cute and
enjoyable. I will be picking that up.
It's not the one I'm most passionate
about. Obviously, it's hard to beat the
passion of Metroid. And Kirby the
Forgotten Land was cute. I'll be picking
that up, too. Now, let's talk about it.
Let's talk about the price. Let's talk
about if you should pick up the Switch,
too. I think $450 is fine. I mean, I
would have preferred around $400,
honestly. I find the accessories to
really rack up in price, but I will not
be buying all of them. I don't need the
camera. You know, the Joy-Cons being as
pricey as they are, though, is
definitely concerning. I will say that.
Definitely not a fan of that. I'll just
be honest. I personally will not be
buying a Switch 2 until Metroid Prime 4
comes out. That's how I am with most
consoles, though. I won't buy the next
generation until I have a solid game or
two or three that makes it a worthy
pickup. I made this mistake with my Xbox
Series X. Actually, if you guys
remember, uh there was a shortage of
them. And since YouTube is my job and I
kind of needed the console, I had to pay
double. I paid $800 on StockX for an
Xbox Series X. And I regret that so
much. I won't be buying the Switch 2
until Metroid Prime 4 drops. That's just
my personal opinion. Do you want to pick
up the Switch 2? I think you know the
answer better than I do. If you are
passionate about the games that come out
on drop, get the Switch 2. You don't
have to get the accessories right off
the bat. You can just get the console
and have a good time. But like I said,
only you truly know the answer to that.
Oh, also the tutorial level of the
Switch 2, the one where you can run
around and learn about the Switch. Uh
yeah, you have to pay money for that.
Absolutely not. Um what are we
doing? You guys remember when Wii Sports
was free for the
Wii? That has to be made free. I cannot
see people paying for that. Is there
anything else I want to talk about with
the Switch 2? I don't think so. Overall,
great experience, great console. I can't
wait for it to drop, but alongside
Metroid Prime 4. When Metro Prime 4
drops, I'm in there. Now, if I may, I do
want to show you guys some things that I
picked up while I was in New York. The
first thing being a Switch 2 backpack
that has a new car smell. I had it in my
car for a little bit. I got a new car.
Everybody who got to play the Switch 2
early got one of these. And it also
comes with a Nintendo Switch 2 journal
and a pencil case. I love this kind of
stuff. Next thing. Did you really go to
New York if you didn't buy a New York
hat off of one of the tables on the
streets? I got a buttery New York hat
because it only makes sense. My name is
Butters. New York baby. Oh, I wanted to
show this is my lanyard for the event.
Yeah. Hannah Bryan. Noisy Butter special
guest. Stop. Stop. I'm a special guest.
My inner child is screaming. I grew up
on Nintendo. This is just I can't I
can't believe this happened. And this is
kind of random. I didn't pick this up in
New York, but I picked it up when I came
back to Georgia. Um it's kind of ironic
that I found a Majora's Mask shirt at
the thrift store. I figured since we're
showing Nintendo stuff, I thought it
would be only appropriate to show um I'm
a big Zelda fan, too. Major's Mask is a
top three Zelda game for me. It was my
favorite for a while, but I think right
now it's Ocarina of Time, Twilight
Princess, and Majora's Mask. Need to
replay them, though. But that is
everything I wanted to talk about for
this video. Once again, thank you so
much Nintendo for having me out for this
experience. I will think about this for
the rest of my life. I'm not even being
dramatic. To be able to play test a
Nintendo console
early. I'm just so happy. This this is
what gaming is all about. And also
comment down below if you enjoyed this
video. I know it is more vlog style and
I don't really do these on the main
channel. I was going to upload this on
the second channel. I still might, but
uh just just let me know if this is
something that is of interest. And if
the vlog footage looked a little yellow,
no, that is not an artistic choice. You
would think so with my name being
Butters, but no, I had to record on my
phone because my camera died. Sorry
about that. And let me know down in the
comments below. Are you excited for the
Switch 2 to drop? Let me know. Will you
be buying it on the day of? Will you be
waiting until more games come out? I'll
be waiting until more games. Well, to be
fair, I'll be waiting until Metroid
Prime 4 comes out. I am that much of a
fan of Metroid Prime. Okay, the only
times I have ever cried during video
game conferences was when Animal
Crossing: New Horizons was announced and
Metroid Prime 4 was announced. He's
passionate. But that's all I've got.
Like, comment, face, subscribe if you
enjoyed the video. Thank you so much for
watching and I will see you guys in the
next video, whatever I make. Bye-bye.
Bye-bye. I would love to bring more
Nintendo stuff to the channel. Um, don't
go watch my Nintendo 64 game collection.
I did find some Wii games
recently. I should make a video on that.
We should go through them. H, I'm going
to go ahead and go. Bye. Thanks for
stopping by. Thank you.