2025 is an absolutely jam-packed year
for Nintendo. Not only are we getting a
brand new Mario Kart game, and oh yeah,
the entire launch of the Nintendo Switch
2, but also it's Mario's 40th
anniversary. Now, I only bring this up
because Nintendo celebrated pretty
heavily for both the 30th and 35th
anniversaries of the Mario franchise.
So, I would not be surprised at all if
they have quite a few surprises up their
sleeves for the 40th. In fact, I think
it's likely. So, this isn't just a
prediction for upcoming Mario games, as
those get announced all the time in
general directs, but this is
specifically a prediction for the 40th
anniversary of Mario celebration. I'm
going to start the video by going off
when this celebration would be, and then
go into every possible game they could
announce during it, giving each one a
ranking of how likely I think it would
be. And for each game, I'll give a
little elevator pitch as to what I would
actually want in that new title. We're
not even just talking about games here.
There's other stuff like the Mario movie
and whatnot that we're going to be
talking about, too. It is mostly games,
though. But anyway, let's jump right on
into it. This is predicting Mario's 40th
anniversary. So, in order to celebrate
Mario's 40th anniversary, what would
Nintendo actually do? Well,
realistically, they'll have a bunch of
announcements and put them all together
in a anniversary direct. This is exactly
what they did with Super Mario's 35th
anniversary back in 2020, and it worked
out insanely well for Nintendo. The hype
for this thing was through the roof, and
3D Allstars, for all its very glaring
faults as a collection, sold incredibly
well, even as a limited release title.
So far, we know of one Mario game for
Switch 2, and it's coming out the day
the Switch 2 releases. So, even beyond
the fact that a September anniversary
direct is in line with when they've
celebrated in the past, it also makes
sense given their current launch year
lineup and the lack of known Mario games
after that launch date. Remember in 2017
when the Switch launched, we got Mario
Kart 8 Deluxe shortly after its release,
but then we got Mario Plus Rabids in the
summer and Mario Odyssey in the fall.
They definitely have more Mario games
for the Switch's first full year. And
September seems like a great time to
show them off. But what games am I
talking about? Well, now let's get into
it. These are every single Mario game
that we could even potentially get for
the 40th anniversary. First up, we have
The Big Kahuna. And that is a brand new
3D Mario game. It has been 8 years since
Mario Odyssey released, and the 3D Mario
team has had more than enough time to
cook up something crazy. However, the
elephant in the room here is that we
might have already seen what they're
cooking up, that being Donkey Kong
Bonanza. This game has so many
similarities to Mario Odyssey, it's
honestly hard to point them all out. And
while Nintendo in their usual fashion is
being very koi about which development
team in particular is developing a lot
of their upcoming titles including
Donkey Kong Bonanza. The general
consensus within the entire community is
that this is being developed by Nintendo
EPD Production Group 8, better known as
the 3D Mario team. Yep, the team that
brought us Galaxy, Galaxy 2, 3D World,
Odyssey, all that. Now, they haven't
just been working on 3D Mario for their
entire existence. They created other
games too like Captain Toad Treasure
Tracker and Donkey Kong Jungle Beat
which was actually their first official
title. So they also have experience with
Donkey Kong. And yeah, it would not
surprise me at all if the 3D Mario team
was behind Donkey Kong Bonanza. However,
I do not think in the slightest that
this means 3D Mario is another like 5
years off or something. Even operating
under the assumption that the team is
working on Donkey Kong Bonanza, I would
still firmly believe that the next big
3D Mario game for Switch 2 is already
firmly under development. Not only have
they had 8 years since their last game,
but also Nintendo knows how important a
3D Mario game is for a console. When
Odyssey released, there was a brief
period of time it was the highest
selling Switch game, beating out Mario
Kart 8 Deluxe and Breath of the Wild,
and it really helped propel that console
in its early years to the heights it
eventually ended up reaching. I wouldn't
be surprised at all if Nintendo even
split up this team so they could be
working on two games at once. Nintendo
has been known to pretty much just sit
on finished games waiting for the right
time to release them. And again,
considering they have had 8 years since
their last new game released, I would
not be surprised at all if a little bit
of that happened with Donkey Kong
Bonanza. All of this to say, even if the
Odyssey team did create Donkey Kong
Bonanza, in my mind, that does not at
all rule out a 3D Mario game coming
sooner than you might think. It makes
more business sense for Nintendo, which
is why I genuinely think it's about a 50
to 60% chance likelihood we could see
the new 3D Mario game at this
presentation. Most likely, it would be a
tease and not a completely full trailer.
And as much as I'd want to see a holiday
release for this year, I think it might
be 2026 or a bit later to coincide with
the Mario movie, too. But what would
this teaser show off? Well, I think it
would obviously show off Mario. Wow, big
shocker. But more importantly, it would
show off the open world. Yeah, Mario
Kart got it. And now I think 3D Mario's
getting it, too. We saw them testing the
waters here with Lake Lapcat in Bowser's
Fury. I genuinely believe the next big
step for 3D Mario is a massive open
world. I think that's a big enough
selling point as well that it could kind
of carry the entirety of that first
teaser. So, I think that's pretty much
all we're going to get is just like a
couple shots of the world, maybe Mario
platforming around a little bit, and in
a dream scenario, confirm that this is
actually full cooperative compatible.
Multiplayer 3D Mario in the case of
Super Mario 3D Land is some of the most
fun we've ever seen in the series, but
every other multiplayer 3D Mario game is
awful. I do not want to play as Cappy or
a star bit cursor. Show me Luigi. Show
me Toad. Show me something. Moving on
from 3D Mario. Now, we're not going to
talk about a new game, but rather
updates to an older one. That older game
being the only Mario game we know of on
Switch at the moment, Mario Kart World.
I think there's a pretty high chance we
see DLC. I'm giving this a 90% chance to
happen in the 40th anniversary direct.
It makes a lot of sense. This would just
be the time as it would be about 3
months after the game releases from June
to September. This would also be just
long enough for Donkey Kong Bonanza to
have a couple months in the spotlight
all to itself before the Mario Kart hype
train starts back up in full force. Now,
what could this DLC be? I really hope
we're getting like free consistent
updates, but realistically looking at
this game, that is not what we're
getting. I think the DLC Nintendo would
give us would be like a 20 to $30
expansion that gives us a new smaller
island that you can either travel or
teleport to. And that island would house
another what 15 or so tracks with all
the different intermissions and
different routes that you see in
Knockout Tour and Grand Prix. In my
opinion, the dream scenario isn't adding
one massive island, but rather an
archipelago or a collection of smaller
islands, each of which maybe houses four
tracks for one cup, all close enough so
you can easily drive on the water
between the different islands. And that
way, they could slowly but surely add in
more over time. That would be my dream,
but realistically, we're going to get
one big expansion. I just have a feeling
that's the way Nintendo's going to go
with this one. The next game I want to
talk about is a brand new 2D Mario game.
This is pretty unlikely. I'm giving it a
15%. Not only do I firmly believe that
3D Mario is right around the corner
because, well, it's time for 3D Mario,
but also Wonderly came out 2 years ago.
However, speaking of Wonder, the next
thing I want to talk about is a Mario
Wonder Switch 2 edition. This is much
more likely in my opinion. In fact, I'm
going to be giving it a 75% chance. Not
only do I think it's likely because, as
I just said, I don't think there will be
a new 2D Mario game, but Super Mario
Wonder never got DLC despite selling
over 10 million copies. I don't know
what is up with Mario games and just not
getting DLC, but this game is begging
for new content. New badges, levels, and
characters would go a really long way.
And I think one of Mario's best 2D games
getting brand new content would
complement a brand new 3D Mario game
perfectly. It covers both bases of
mainline Mario games. And also, this
makes sense for something that could
release later this year. It obviously
would not take nearly as much
development time as a full new game, but
it's another Mario box Nintendo could
put on store shelves. So, yeah, I would
not be surprised at all if we got a
Mario Wonder Switch 2 edition. Kind of
like the Mario Party Jamberee plus
Jamberee TV thing where it's just an
additional side campaign. In fact, in a
past video, I talked about a version of
this called the Mushroom Mixup, which
would basically combine the Mushroom
Kingdom with all the Flower Kingdom's
weirdness like the Wonderflower. That
would be the perfect backdrop for a new
campaign in my opinion. Sticking with
the 2D Mario train though, next I want
to talk about a new Mario Maker game.
I'm going to give this a 45%. I am
really torn on whether we will even see
a new Mario Maker game or if it's just
right around the corner. And that is all
thanks to mouse mode. Including mouse
mode would change the name of the game
for Mario Maker, making creating levels
much more efficient. There's also tons
of things Mario Maker 3 could add in,
like themes from Mario Wonder, themes
from other 3D Mario games. Remember, we
got that 3D World theme, but nothing
else. What about Galaxy, Sunshine,
Odyssey? Those could all work. Or even
just taking mechanics from those games,
like the gravity mechanic from Galaxy.
However, I almost wonder if there is a
limit to the amount of content they
would allow us to create with, as well,
obviously, if we got a truly unlimited
Mario Maker, then there probably
wouldn't be as much of a reason to buy
the new 2D games. But even beyond that,
Mario Maker 2 already had so much that
if Mario Maker 3 keeps all of that and
then adds as much new stuff as 2 did, it
could get pretty confusing and
overwhelming, especially for more casual
players. Mario Maker has always been so
successful because it takes something
that's normally incredibly complicated,
creating 2D platforming levels, and
makes it super easy and accessible for
anyone to at least well try. Not always
going to be good, but you can at least
try. If they added so much even more,
maybe it would lose some of that
accessibility. However, there is just a
ton of extra stuff they could add. And I
mean, if they're making a Mario Maker 3,
they're going to add new stuff. And it
would be a great way to show off mouse
mode, which is one of this conso's main
new gimmicks. So, I definitely do think
it's possible. However, when I started
talking about Mario Maker, I said I
didn't even know if we'd get a new game
at all. And that is because of this next
game I want to talk about, which is a
Mario Maker 2 Switch 2 edition. I am
giving this a 30% likelihood, but if
Mario Maker 3 isn't announced, then I'd
bump it up to like 50%. Again, I feel
like if they are adding mouse controls
to Mario Maker, then that alone could
justify a third game. But if they didn't
want to go all out adding the new
content and themes that we'd expect in
addition of mouse controls, then just
giving us a Mario Maker Switch 2 edition
with maybe a few tweaks here and there
and mouse controls added into the level
editor would be certainly appreciated,
especially if we have to wait a few more
years for Mario Maker 3. The next thing
I want to talk about is you subscribing
to Switchtop. I'm giving this a 100%
chance, baby. Now seriously though, if
you guys are excited for Switch 2 and
everything Nintendo's doing this year,
well, we are too. And we've been super
happy with the content we've been
putting out. So check if you're
subscribed. Chances are you're not, and
it would help out a lot. All right,
let's get back to the video. The next
game I want to talk about isn't even a
Mario game at
[Music]
all. Yeah, I know, guys. I'm sorry I
click baited. The next game we're
talking about is Luigi's Mansion 4.
Yeah, this counts. Not only does it
count, I am pretty high on this game
releasing sooner than a lot of people
think. I'm giving it a 60% chance to be
shown off in Mario's 40th anniversary.
Luigi's Mansion 3 did so incredibly
well, selling over 10 million copies.
So, it's all but confirmed Nintendo has
been working on a brand new game this
time. Luigi's Mansion is now one of
their top selling franchises ever. They
also never did substantial DLC for
Luigi's Mansion 3. We got some
multiplayer stuff, but no new single
player content. And Next Level Games is
coming up on 3 years since Mario
Striker's Battle League. So, it makes
sense that they'd have a game ready
somewhat soon. Not only is the series
popular, but Luigi's Mansion 3 was
basically the unanimously decided best
looking Switch game due to its slower
pace and smaller rooms, allowing for the
excellent character work and animation
to shine through, looking like a PS4
game at times. I think with Mario Kart
World and Donkey Kong Bonanza showing
off the power of the Switch 2 through
their open worlds and mechanics, Luigi's
Mansion would be the perfect showcase
for how graphically intense a Switch 2
game could look with a smaller scope,
allowing the developers to really hone
in on the details here. I think if we're
seeing this in the anniversary, we're
just getting a teaser because in my
humble opinion, this game has to release
around Halloween. Luigi's Mansion 3
released on Halloween and I mean it did
really well. So, a teaser in September
and then maybe a full trailer in June of
2026 preparing us for Halloween 2026.
That makes sense. But I also wouldn't be
surprised if this is sooner than later
just because Luigi's Mansion 3 is so
successful. Now, staying on the Luigi's
Mansion hype wagon, I am quickly going
to talk about Luigi's Mansion 3 Switch 2
edition. I don't really think this is
likely. I'm giving it a 15%. This is
most likely not going to happen cuz I am
pretty confident in Luigi's Mansion 4.
But if that game isn't announced, I do
think this probably shoots up to a 60%
or so. Even if this isn't a new game,
just upscaling this to 4K would make it
one of the best looking games on the
system. They also could add mouse
controls, which if done right could be a
great addition to controlling the
poltergeist, giving players more control
options, which I think is always a good
thing. Next up, get ready to party with
Mario Party and then turn that party off
cuz it's not happening. Yeah, I'm giving
a new Mario Party game like a 2% chance.
With Mario Party Jamberee plus Jamberee
TV releasing in July, there's just no
way they would announce yet another
Mario Party 2 months later to
cannibalize sales. Maybe if there wasn't
a Switch 2 edition of Jamberee, the
chances would be higher. But I just
don't see another Mario Party on Switch
2 for at least a couple more years. But
then again, they did technically used to
release one a year on the Gamecube, but
it seems like those times are passed. I
don't think we're getting a Mario Party
anytime soon. This one though, I am very
confident in. I think we will see the
next Mario Sports game. I'm giving this
an 85% chance. Battle League came out in
2022, and before that, it was 2 years in
between each game. So, we're currently
in the longest dead streak for Mario
Sports since before the Switch released.
I think that's a good thing because the
last Mario Sports games have been a
little light on content. But regardless,
they turn these things out. We will
almost definitely be getting a new Mario
Sports game. And honestly, it should be
baseball. If they loop back around and
go with tennis or golf again, I would
honestly be pretty disappointed. They
literally just need to recreate Sluggers
again and they'd be set. But with the
Switch One sports game track record, I
do worry. I would really want them to
include a story mode like Sluggers did
and much more of an expanded roster.
Sluggers had a great roster for the time
and it even holds up now, but we have so
many more main staples since that game
was released that could be added like
Roselina, Pauline, Cappy that a roster
revamp is probably needed. I also
wouldn't be surprised if this game comes
out this year. Like I could see a Mario
Baseball game being announced in June,
getting a bunch of information at this
direct in September, and then maybe
releasing later in September or in
October to coincide with the World
Series. Next, let's talk about Mario
RPGs. I'm giving this 1%. Yep, it's the
lowest on the It's the lowest on the
list. Between 2023 and 2024, all three
main Mario RPG franchises got a new
installment. We got the Super Mario RPG
remake, Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year
Door remake, and the revival of Mario
and Luigi with Brotherhip. and nothing
else of note happened. Also, although
the sales for the Mario RPG remake were
actually quite good, Thousand-Year Doors
remake and Mario and Luigi Brotherhip
both kind of underperformed with
Thousand-Year Door remake barely
cracking 2 million units and Brother
Ship still has under 2 million. Because
of that, I don't really see a Mario RPG
game as something high on Nintendo's
priority list. I think they'll release
eventually when they're done, but
they're not like fasttracking these
games to get them out on the new system.
As for Switch 2 editions of any of those
games, although it would be cool to see
new side campaigns for Brotherhip and
Thousand-Year Door, I don't really see
either of them getting anything more
than a free graphical enhancement. Next
up, I want to talk about Mario 40, which
is kind of like Mario 35. For those of
you guys who don't remember, because
this was a blink and you'll miss it
moment, Nintendo released Mario 35,
which was kind of like a Mario Battle
Royale where you'd be racing against 34
other players. And this was kind of like
a Tetris 99 style game except it was for
2D Mario. Seeing this remade as Mario 40
would not only be fun and a great
addition, but you know, they wouldn't
have to nuke it 4 months after release
like Mario 35. As much as I like this
idea and I think it would kind of redeem
Nintendo killing off Mario 35. It just
doesn't seem like the type of thing they
would do again. But who knows, maybe
they make Mario 40 just to delist it
again. That would be funny and I would
probably crash out. But realistically,
I'm giving this a 15%. Nintendo always
releases something around September time
to bolster Nintendo Switch online
numbers. So from that perspective, this
would make sense, but they're already
releasing GameCube when the console
launches. So maybe they don't really
feel like they need to add something
because it's still within the same
billing year. The reason they normally
release something in September was
because that's when Nintendo Switch
Online launched, so that's when the
annual memberships would expire. So they
wanted to give people a reason to renew
their memberships. Next up, let's talk
about the Mario Movie 2 cast
announcement plus trailer. I'm giving
this an 85%. And I think this is
happening. They showed off the Mario
movies first trailer in a September
direct, and it makes sense they'd do it
again, especially for Mario's 40th
anniversary. Prepare to see Danny DeVito
as Wario and Yoshi speaking full
sentences.
Bring her.
Seriously though, I I just don't really
see a universe in which they don't
announce this in a direct again. Even
just the original announcement of the
cast was such a moment online, they're
going to capitalize on that by just
doing it again. Next up, let's talk
about a new Captain Toad game. Captain
Toad: Treasure Tracker is one of my
favorite games ever. And as I already
mentioned in this video, it was
developed by Nintendo EPD8, the same
team that made 3D World, which obviously
featured the Captain Toad levels that
Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker is based
off of. As cool as this would be, I
don't think it's likely. I would love to
see Captain Toad 2 at some point,
though, but I've already kind of copium
myself into the potential that maybe
Donkey Kong Bonanza and a new 3D Mario
game are kind of being worked on in
parallel. Adding on a Captain Toad 2 on
top of that, all from the same team, h
probably not going to happen. I give it
like a 5%. Next, let's talk about random
other remasters and bundles. And I'm
giving this an 80% mainly because it's a
super vague prediction, but stick with
me here. Just like with 3D Allstars,
although I think we will get new games
in DLC, some form of remastered
collection wouldn't surprise me at all.
And I have a few ideas for what it could
be. First off, Galaxy 2 somehow. At
first glance, I don't think they would
sell it alone. It would likely either be
bundled with the first Galaxy or just
the 3D All-Star games, but maybe this
time around it isn't limited time only.
They could also just sell Galaxy 2 on
its own. A Super Mario Galaxy 2 HD for
hopefully $30 or $40 would sell really
well. I mean, they did this literally on
the Wii U. You could go to the Wii U
eHop when that was like a thing that
existed and buy Mario Galaxy 2 digitally
from that for like 20 bucks. Next up,
what about a New Super Mario Bros.
Remastered collection? Yeah, although
these all are kind of the same game over
and over again in a different font,
having them remastered and all on the
same cartridge would be really cool.
This seems kind of wild to say,
especially with Nintendo seemingly
moving away from New Super Mario Bros.
with something like Super Mario Wonder,
but New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe on
the Switch sold better than Wonder.
Obviously, I had more time to sell, but
still, the New Super Mario Bros. series
has always been incredibly successful
for Nintendo. I would not be surprised
if they wanted to do some sort of
remaster collection and bring these
games back over. I don't think it'll
happen, but I mean, look at these sales
numbers. You can't really blame them if
they try it. Lastly, I want to talk
about a Mario 3D Land remaster. Out of
everything I just mentioned, this is
kind of what I think is most likely.
Literally just taking 3D Land, giving it
the Luigi's Mansion 2 treatment, which
is short for putting in pretty much no
effort, and then reselling the game at
$60. I mean, this would sell incredibly
well. It's a 3D Mario game, especially
if they added in multiplayer. I could
see this game selling well over like 7
or 8 million units. for a 3DS game with
slight graphical upgrades and
retroactively adding in multiplayer,
changing maybe a couple of the rooms
that really heavily use the 3D gimmick
and probably reworking the world map so
that it makes more sense within the
context of a home console Mario game.
This game could sell really well, would
take not a lot of effort from Nintendo,
and they've already been shown to love
doing these 3DS remastered games with
Luigi's Mansion 2 HD and kind of Donkey
Kong Country Returns HD because it looks
like that game used a lot of the 3DS
versions assets rather than the original
Wii version. Next thing I want to talk
about are some free graphical upgrades
for Nintendo Switch 1 Mario games. I'm
90% sure this will happen. I'm not
exactly sure what games would get
graphical upgrades and not DLC itself,
but a few that come to mind that could
definitely use it are Princess Peach
Showtime, Mario Luigi Brotherhip, and
Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door. For
Princess Peach Showtime, and Mario Luigi
Brotherhip, those games straight up ran
horrible and could use the boost. But
for Thousand-Year Door, a 4K upgrade and
60 FPS lock would make this one of the
best looking games on Switch 2. Also, if
Luigi's Mansion 4 isn't announced, I
would bump up the chances of three
getting a graphical update. Just to
clarify here, I'm talking about
graphical updates, not Switch 2 edition
games. Nintendo is very strongly
differentiating these. Switch 2 edition
games seem to come in two different
flavors. The ones with full-on extra
content that are $20 more expensive, and
then the ones that kind of have
additional content, but it's like Zelda
notes, and the main reason people are
buying it is for the upgraded graphics.
Those are $10 more expensive. Beyond
that though, games that have literally
no changes to the gameplay at all and
likely only require a small patch to
allow the games to take full use of the
Switch 2's increased power, I think we
could get some announcements about that
for other Switch One Mario games. In
fact, I think it's really likely. Again,
I'm giving it a 90%. Okay, so we just
went over a lot of different stuff.
Here's my final crazy prediction plus
recap. I'm taking my stab at exactly
what Nintendo will announce. I think the
September 40th anniversary Mario Direct
will include the Mario Movie 2 trailer
or cast announcement. Mario 40 or
something like it, some sort of online
centered Mario game free for Nintendo
Switch Online members. A Mario Wonders
Switch 2 edition that includes DLC. A
new Mario Sports game likely Mario
Sluggers. Some of those free graphical
updates I talked about before. And it
would end off with a tease for the new
3D Mario game likely coming out 2026. As
much as I would love to see Luigi's
Mansion 4 or Mario Maker 3, I don't
think the 40th anniversary will announce
that many games because the 35th only
really announced 3D World Plus Bowser's
Fury and 3D Allstars. Sure, we got Mario
Kart Live Home Circuit, Mario 35, but in
terms of like the big new games, those
two were it and neither of them were
really new. Again, this is just the 40th
anniversary prediction. We could very
well get any of these, including a 3D
Mario game announced in a June Direct or
a general September Direct. But as far
as Nintendo specifically celebrating
Mario's 40th anniversary, this is what I
think will happen. Let me know what you
think will happen down in the comments
section below. Again, if you enjoyed
this video, seriously, hitting the
subscribe button is the best way to help
us out and it would make me happy.
That's the best sales pitch I got. Thank
you guys all for watching, though. I say
it every video, but y'all are the best.
Stay safe out there. I'll see you in the
next one. I'm Thomas from the Switchtop
signing off. Peace.