[Music]
Hey everyone, John here. And with Switch
2, there is a mix of good and bad. And
so I wanted to weigh the two against
each other, find an equal amount of
loves and don't loves, and see exactly
which one outweighs the other, and you
can decide. Is it is it more love? Is it
more don't love? We'll see by the end.
But let's begin with the first thing I
love about Nintendo Switch 2. The Switch
One and the Wii U have a power
difference, but they're not exactly a
world apart. And so you can argue
Nintendo's been rocking very similar
hardware since around 2012, and that was
13 years ago. We're finally ready for
that power leap, and this is affecting
Nintendo first party games.
Interestingly though, Nintendo aren't
just throwing in more detail. We haven't
really seen an overly detailed Switch 2
game from them. In fact, they're using
this power to change the gameplay. Mario
Kart's going open world. You can just
drive around and find any course in the
game contextually to where it is in the
world. And Donkey Kong is just going red
faction gorilla quite literally. You can
just rip out parts of the environment
and form your way through the levels
yourselves. Find your own path,
improvise. Nintendo's never been able to
do this type of gameplay before, and
it's really interesting to see them
prioritize gameplay over visuals, even
with this massive glow up in specs. But
what I don't love is game key cards. The
vast majority of third party games at
launch at least come on game key cards.
And what these are is they are dummy
cartridges that have no real data on
them and just download the game. They're
better than download codes cuz you can
still sell them afterwards. They act
like a physical game in that regard. But
still, this blows, especially because
the Switch 2 is getting a lot more
current gen ports like Split Fiction,
which are 73 GB. And by the way, Split
Fiction does not even come on a game
card. That's a code in a box. Code in a
box has not been defeated. This is a
whole issue with just file sizes and
game cards, and it's not looking too
swell right now. However, I love game
cards. We don't know that many games
that are actually coming on game cards.
We know the first party Nintendo ones
are, and that's great, but their file
sizes aren't exactly vast, but look at
Cyberpunk. Cyberpunk is using a 64 GB
game card. And the reason I love that
so, so much is since the PlayStation 3
and PS4 and PS5, basically every game
needs to be installed before you play.
It makes sense. Disc reading speeds
aren't as high as an SSD or even a hard
drive. So, there's a necessity to doing
this, but it eats up your hard drive,
man. And when you pick up a game and
just want to play it straight away, you
can't do that. You've got to wait
through the install. But with Cyberpunk,
you can just slide that cartridge in,
not use any space on your internal
storage, and just play. This is a huge
pro above other competing consoles. It
saves you storage space. It's immediate,
and these game cards are basically mini
little SSDs. You'll still get the really
fast load times you get from the
standard internal storage. These things
are magnificent, but barely any games
are actually using them right
now. And the second thing I don't love
is the overly familiar UI. And look, I'm
not the biggest Switch UI hater in the
world. I think it's serviceable. It's
quick. It does what it needs to do. But
this is also a brand new console and
it's very reminiscent of going from Xbox
One to Series X where things haven't
really changed and you need that new
feeling to a console to make it feel
fresh and different. But that's not
really the case here. We get some new
icons like being able to game share and
game chat, but other than that, this is
an evolution of the Switch One UI rather
than a changed Switch One UI. It's a
little bit rounder. There's a bit more
stuff, but otherwise this is pretty much
the same. Hopefully there's themes this
time. Um, we haven't actually seen the
dark theme yet, so as far as we know,
it's just the light theme, but um that
that can't be the case, can it? The
third thing I love is the mouse. This is
ingenious. Like, who looked at a
Joy-Con, just turned it on its side, and
said, "Huh, this could be a mouse." I we
know who did it. They're in the they're
in the interview, but it's still really
really clever. Now, I hear you, John.
Console games have been using mice as
inputs for decades at this point. In
HalfLife for the PlayStation 2, you can
use a mouse, and that's true. But how
many people are going out of their way
to plug in a mouse and keyboard to their
consoles? Games may support it, and it's
great when they do, but when it's built
in to the controller itself, not only is
it more versatile, so more people will
actually use it, but it's also going to
make developers actually support it.
There's really no reason that any Switch
2 firstperson shooter shouldn't support
the mouse. And we're seeing strategy
games like Civ 7 support the mouse. It's
going to make these games arguably play
the best on console on Switch 2 while
also inviting a bunch of PC genres to
finally make their way to a console. And
it also evolves beyond a PC mouse.
There's rumble in the Joy-Con, so you
can feel tactile feedback while moving
the mouse around or feel vibrations when
shooting. But also, there's two of them.
So few PC games support two mice. I
can't think of a single one. In fact,
but this allows you to multitask or
allows multiplayer or even allows you
just to do new kind of gameplay
possibilities like Dragon Drive. I adore
everything about the mouse, but one
thing I don't adore is game pricing.
Now, for the most part, third party
games are pretty much in line with
either other consoles or Switch One.
It's not looking too bad in that regard,
but Nintendo have stepped it up. It
seems $70 is going to be the standard
for their premium games. So like Donkey
Kong Bonanza is $70 and that's kind of
hard to swallow. Tears of the Kingdom
was the first to do that, but with games
like Donkey Kong, it's like it does feel
like you're pushing the boat out there.
But then Mario Kart World is $80 and
that's really pushing the boat out
there. Now, I think most of us are
buying it in the bundle, which is way,
way cheaper, but still to have this at
80 bucks on store shelves feels
egregious. It's incredibly expensive.
Hopefully, there aren't many or any more
$80 games, but still 70 as a standard is
very high. And it's true that other
consoles do that too, but I'm not a fan
of it there either. But one thing I do
love is the performance. And we talked
about this a little bit with firstp
party games, but I feel this is quite a
different category. For one, the screen
on the handheld is 120 Hz. And while
other consoles support 120 Hz, the
feature isn't commonly supported. And I
feel like having it built into the
system itself is going to make
developers really take advantage of it.
Like there's no real reason that many
indie games shouldn't run at 120. Why
can't all these spritebased games just
run at a full 120 fps on the Switch 2
screen? But then of course, you also get
games like Metroid Prime 4, 120fps. It
sounds absolutely delightful. And the
Switch 2 storage plus micro SD Express
cards are basically little SSDs, so
you're getting faster load times, very
similar to PS5 and Series X on a
handheld. We've seen already that Mario
Kart World's loading times are around 3
or 4 seconds, which is incredibly
impressive. All these Switch 2 Edition
games load faster, too. Like Breath of
the Wild is so much faster on Switch 2
than it is Switch One. And then just
overall performance as a whole. We're
getting games like Street Fighter 6,
Cyberpunk, Elder Ring, and it is true
that those games all run on PlayStation
4 as well, but you can say the same for
most PlayStation 5 games. So, there's
definitely still a very impressive
precedent to having these on a portable,
and it's still very modern. But another
thing I don't love is all the unclear
marketing. Now, this isn't Wii U level.
People understand the system, but
there's all these smaller parts which
are just being very poorly communicated
and are spreading tons of misin. People
thought Switch 2 editions weren't on the
cartridge. They are. People thought
Mario Kart World was $90. It's not. It's
$80. Not much better, but it is. It's
not 90. We haven't got all the info we
need. Game Share, which is something
I'll talk about in just a little bit,
works online, but we don't know how it
works online. We don't know what free
updates all these games are getting.
Many of them are for GameS Share, but
what about Link's Awakening and Echoes
of Wisdom? What are you updating those
with? Is it performance? We We don't
know. There is so much more to
communicate, but they're kind of letting
us do it, which isn't the best thing to
do when when we're not the source.
You're the source,
Nintendo. Very
odd. But what I do love is backwards
compatibility. And this was a real fear.
My Switch library is massive. And one
thing the Switch did really well was it
built up great legacy games. It got so
many Wii U and Gamecube and Wii games
and PS2 games and Xbox games and Super
Nintendo games. All this stuff built
into one of the best legacy libraries
around. And to start that from scratch
would be excruciating. But there's also
so many brilliant original Switch games
and bringing those forwards is
delightful. And we also know that some
of them will benefit from performance
enhancements without even needing a
patch. For example, Yoshi's Crafted
World loads faster on the Switch 2, not
a Switch 2 edition. This is just a
standard backwards compatible game. And
to have that for Animal Crossing: New
Horizons, a very long loading game would
be amazing. And we don't know exactly
yet how the frame rates smooth out.
Hopefully, they go towards their caps.
So, if it's a 30 FPS game, it stays at
30 or a 60 FPS game stays at 60. We
don't know those details quite yet, but
hopefully that is the case. But what I
don't love is again, a lot of this isn't
clear. There's a backwards compatibility
website and it tells you what is working
and what still needs more testing. And
what's very clear is every first party
Nintendo game works apart from Labo VR.
And that makes sense because the Switch
2 can't fit in the Labu VR cardboard.
It's too big. But then you look at the
third party games and all of a sudden I
don't quite know what is actually
verified to work. Is it everything in
the top chart? Is it everything in the
first two bars? Cuz this says it it may
need further testing. Does that mean it
works? I I don't know. And they don't
tell you. They really don't tell you.
This is something we'll figure out at
launch, I suppose. But again, it's just
very unclear marketing. But you know
what? I do love NSO. And it feels really
weird to say that all the legacy
libraries are at a point where there's
lots of really good games. And then
there's original games like Tetris and
F-Zero, which are some of the best on
the entire system. But that's not really
what I'm talking about. What I'm getting
at is the price. So, Street Fighter 6, I
played quite a bit on PS5 when it came
out, but there's so many subscription
services when it comes to watching
movies and TV shows and playing games
online that PSN was axed from my just
constant budget. I subscribe every now
and then, but it's not a constant thing.
And so, I'm not paying $80 a year for
PSN. But Nintendo Switch Online at the
minimum is $20. And that's not even
really the minimum. See, I pay £45 a
year for the family expansion plan. And
then divide that between eight people
and we're all paying £560 a year for the
premium subscription. So, what I'm
saying is I'm paying £560 a year to play
Street Fighter 6 online as well as any
other multiplatform games like Elder
Ring. whereas on PSN it would be so much
more than that. And Game Pass isn't much
better. Game Pass Core is $75 a year.
It's true that you don't get all the
free games, but it depends what you
value. And personally, I have a big
enough collection of physical games. I
don't really value all the free stuff,
and the legacy stuff is just nice to
have as a bonus. So, I'm very happy all
these modern multiplayer games will be
playable on Switch 2 for the lowest
online subscription. Call of Duty. I can
play for £560 a year when it comes to
the Switch 2. But what I don't love is
Welcome Tour will not be included. And
Welcome Tour reeks of 3DS AR games. It
reeks of face raiders, fun, cool things,
but also just kind of part of the
system. And that is amplified even
further with this being a guided tour of
the system. It it tells you about how
all its features work. And so it's very
strange that this is a $10 game. That
said, a lot of the mini games do look
really cool. There's lots of variety in
here, showing you what the Switch 2 can
do from an input perspective when it
comes to HD Rumble 2 or the gyro or the
mouse or whatever else, including the
frame rates, too. But it really should
have just come with the system. It's
It's a very confusingly priced game. But
what I do love is the faster eShop. And
this has been redesigned, too. Now, your
wish list's at the very front of the
page, and it gives you recommendations
based on your preferences and your
friends preferences as well. But look
how fast it is to load a store page
compared to Switch One. This is what we
needed. The Switch One eShop wasn't that
bad when it first came out, when it was
just like 10 games. But now there's like
16,000 games, and loading anything is an
absolute slug. But now, Switch 2 just
seems to blaze through it all. That is
such a huge benefit to just the browsing
experience and it's going to make Switch
2 just nicer to
use. But you know what? I don't love the
extremely short-term road map. And this
won't be an issue in like a month when
they announce more games for the thing.
But as people who have pre-ordered the
system, we haven't exactly been given a
whole lot of confidence about the
future. In terms of first party, we know
there's Mario Kart, we know there's
Donkey Kong, and then there's Dragon
Drive. And Donkey Kong's one month after
the system. Dragon Drive is undated, but
it's not exactly a huge game. So after
that first month in July, what what's
coming after the Switch 2 editions? Is
it just Metroid Prime 4 and Pokémon to
look forward to? Obviously not. They're
going to announce more games, but it
it's just weird not to have that that
road map. With Switch One, we knew
basically the entire year of first party
after that first January presentation.
But now there's so many gaps. Even third
party isn't really dated beyond July.
There's only a few games we actually
know of that are coming in their
specified date. Again, a short-term
issue, but I'd really like to know what
exactly is going to make this system
keep going beyond its first initial
launch period. But you know what I've
grown to really yearn for with more
info. It's the controllers. Both the
ProController 2 and the Joy-Con 2. So HD
Rumble 2 is a really understated part of
the system. We've got a whole video
about our impressions with HD Rumble 2.
It gives you feedback beyond the dual
sense. It's like an evolution of that.
And as we stated earlier, it works in
mouse mode, too. So, you get new
sensations and new applications for
rumble. And impressions for the Pro
Controller 2 have been incredibly
positive. I've heard many say that this
is their favorite controller of all
time. It is very similar to the first
Pro Controller, but it feels different.
The sticks particularly feel different,
and you can whack them around without
really hearing any noise. And this has
HD Rumble, too, as well. It's got gyro.
It's got a headphone jack. It's got the
GL and the gr button. And one thing that
I was quite wary about was the D-pad
because the D-pad in the first pro
controller wasn't great, but impressions
have been really good about that, too.
And in the Ask the Developers interview,
they even say that that has gone through
a refinement as well. Uh the only real
unknown is Joy-Con Drift. I don't think
they replicate that again. That's just
my hope, but yeah, we don't actually
know if that's for sure gone, but I I
would I would bet some money on it not
being as prevalent this time. I don't
love though that there is no OLED
version. It would have been really cool
to have two SKs at launch, a standard
one and an OLED one. Obviously, that'd
be more expensive, but I think I'd pay
for it because I really love the OLED
screen on the Switch One. Now, people
have been positive about the Switch 2
screen. It's got HDR. It's 1080p now.
It's 120 Hz. Like, that's all great
stuff. The viewing angles are good, too.
It's more vivid, but vivid isn't really
what OLED is about. like you you can get
more vivid colors, but it's really about
the pure blacks. And those pure blacks
are not there now. They're less gray
than the standard Switch One screen, but
they're definitely not the pure black
that the OLED gives you. And I expect an
OLED revision will come along in a few
years time, but as an OLED Switch One
user. I I kind of want it now. Give it
to me
now. But I do love Game Share. We talked
about this a bit earlier. Game Share is
basically the evolution of download
play. Obviously with DS, you could just
send along like a 10 megabyte file to
another user and play a game with each
other without them actually owning the
game. They'll just download a small part
of that. And that has become
increasingly impossible cuz you can't
just send someone a 10 GB version of the
game. That that's going to take ages. So
Game Share is utilizing the Wii U
streaming tech going from the console to
the gamepad to basically share that
display to another user. So, in
Clubhouse Games, for example, you can
all play Uno together from your own
perspective, but streaming from one
console. And we know that Split Fiction
is going to do the same thing as well.
Of course, that game comes with a guest
version, but if your guest doesn't want
to download a 73 GB game, you can just
send it to them without downloading
anything. And in Split Fiction's case,
that works with the Switch One as well.
So, your Switch 2 can share to the
Switch One and play together, even
though that game can't natively run on
the Switch One. And what's even cooler
about GameS Share is this is not just a
local thing. This works online as well.
They showed it for 3D World during the
Direct, but we also know that Fast
Fusion is going to use GameS Share both
locally and online, too. And there's
there's a lot more info to learn about
how that actually works online. But
really cool that that's a huge feature.
But you know what I do not love? It is
the battery life. So, this is kind of
expected as tech grows. The Switch 2's
battery life is estimated between 2
hours and 6 and 1/2 hours. And I imagine
the 6 and 1/2 hours is backwards
compatible stuff, but and the 2 hours is
more just heavy Switch 2 games. I
imagine Cyberpunk is going to last
around 2 hours. And I think contextually
to what that game is, contextually to
any other PC handheld, 2 hours is
actually pretty good for such a heavy
game. But if I went back in time and
told little John playing Minish Cap on
his GBA that a future handheld would
have a 2hour battery life, he would say,
"Where did we go wrong?" Like, it makes
sense. It makes sense given what we have
here, but it's still underwhelming all
the same. But I do love magnetic
Joy-Con. When I first got my Switch One,
that Joy-Con rail felt so sturdy. But
with time, with all that snapping on and
off, with all that gliding, it has
become incredibly loose. Not to the
point where I've ever just dropped my
system, but every now and then I will
nudge a Joycon off, and that gets quite
irritating during an online game like
F-Zero because it brings up the prompt
screen to reconnect your Joy-Con, and
you just lose all inputs while everyone
else just races off. With the Joy-Con 2,
they connect magnetically, and it seems
like a much more sturdier and easy to
use thing, especially for the wrist
straps. I hate the wrist straps on the
Switch One because they're just really
uh finicky to get on and off. Whereas
now, they just snap. They just snap on
and off. It's really simple and it seems
like a great evolution of the rail idea,
just making it more sturdy, easier,
better. But I don't love, and this is
the last thing, I don't love American
politics. This may have been the most
confusing launch period for Americans
ever. It was quite simple everywhere
else, but everywhere affected by
American politics, like America and
Canada, pre-orders were a big unknown
and as were the tariff effects. And it
seems like Nintendo are just eating the
cost of the tariff. They're not passing
that cost on to us, but they are passing
the cost onto accessories. So amiibo,
for the Street Fighter 6 amiibo, they're
now $40 each, which is nuts. Most
accessories haven't gone up that much.
is like a $5 to $10 increase, but it
gets pretty high up there and it must
affect their bottom line quite a bit to
have to, you know, eat up those tariff
costs. Obviously, that's not a big deal
for the consumer, but what a mess this
has all been for all tech. I've seen so
many laptops and phones and just general
manufacturing suffer from these tariffs.
And right now, the uh the special
edition for Rune Factory is in flux
because there's a fan that's made in
China over there. and uh they they're
not sure if they can get that out at
launch now. So that special edition
might miss the launch period while the
main game still hits, but it's affected
everybody. So I I don't love American
politics. Let that be said.
Controversial
opinion. So I can't speak for all of
you, but just personally weighing my
strengths versus my weaknesses, I think
there are a lot more strengths, a lot
stronger strengths than there are
weaknesses. And most of the weaknesses
for me are logistical. It's about
Welcome Tour not being included. It's
about Mario Kart World being $80. It's
about $70 standard pricing. It's things
like that. But the actual system itself,
I think it's wonderful. I think the
hardware jump is really great for a
handheld system. And the games it's
getting are really exciting. I wish we
knew more of them beyond just the launch
month or so, but that stuff is going to
come. Um, so it's a pretty shortterm uh
way of thinking. So hopefully a lot more
of this is ironed out. Hopefully the
communication gets way better, but the
system itself I can't wait for. Anyway,
we will see you in around like a month
and a week when this system launches and
it'll be a lot less hypotheticals and a
lot more
definitives. So we'll see you next time
everyone. Bye-bye. I'm not seeing you in
a month, but I I will do more things
before the month. I'm just saying it
launches in a month. I I'll still be
around. Bye. Bye.
[Music]