I actually just played the Nintendo
Switch 2 and it was
insane. We went to the Toronto Switch 2
experience and somehow I got him through
the lottery system. I don't know how,
but boy howdy am I glad I did cuz this
whole thing just feels so surreal. Now,
you should know I've been making Switch
One videos for years. So, you better
believe this is something I've been
waiting for for a long time. Not only
did they play a ton of games, but I
actually got hands-on with the console
itself. And I was trembling. And look,
they even gave me a backpack. What the
heck? This is crazy. So, let's start
from the beginning. I went via train. We
love trains. We're taking the train. I
like the train. And I went with Brandon,
Quentin, and Jordan. And getting there
was actually an entire experience. We
got up on the wrong stop. So, that left
us running around to find a different
train like my
man. Anyways, eventually we got the
right train and we were on our way.
[Music]
We're here. We're at the Nintendo Switch
2 experience. Um, I got a chest mount.
I don't look weird. You do. Uh, so we're
currently waiting. Apparently, you get a
free bag if you play every single game.
Challenge accepted. It's actually over a
2-hour experience. I thought it was only
an hour. I don't know if I'm actually
emotionally ready or prepared to go and
touch the Switch 2. I've been waiting
for this for so long. I might actually
tear up a little bit, but uh got my
chest mount and I'm ready to do it. Oh
yes, it's not important yet, but this
legend's name is the man. We got
chatting in the line before getting in,
but the plot thickens with them. This
isn't the last time you'll be seeing
him. Trust me. We eventually got inside.
They checked our bags and made sure we
didn't bring any weapons. W security.
And you instantly saw these massive red
walls that said Nintendo Switch 2. After
we checked in, they brought us to this
like waiting room thing. But this is
where they showcased the actual console.
The first time I saw it, I was shocked
by how much bigger it looked. On top of
that, the sleek black color looked
really good in person, especially with
the colored accents. It was wild, my
mans. And there was so much on display,
too. They had the console setup in
multiple ways and the dock on the
kickstand and of course the box. The
freaking box was on display and I was
foaming at the mouth. They had the the
base model box and the Mario Kart bundle
box. It's just Mario Kart in the top
right corner. I mean, it's cool. I like
the box. It's good. The craziest part
was at the front of the line. They had
an actual model of the switch you could
get hands-on time with. I kid you not. I
was actually shaking. I don't know
what's wrong with me. Look at this.
What's wrong with me? Oh my gosh. We can
go touch it. So, I walked up to that
dummy model and you already know what I
did. Wow. Oh my. It feels way bigger
than I thought. Yo,
thumbnail. I went ham and fiddled with
the Switch more than I fiddled with
anything in my life. I tried to pull off
the Joy-Con to see if I could get it off
without pressing the release button. And
it actually took a good amount of force
to get it off. I was able to pull it off
with my strength, but these are strong
enough magnets that you shouldn't just
be able to take it off on accident,
which is well, that's good. I also
instantly checked to see if it had that
iconic switch to wiggle from the OG
Switch. You know what I'm saying? When
you like grab the console and you can
kind of just like feel the Joy-Cons
wiggling. And this one was very solid.
Maybe it's cuz it's new and maybe it'll
wear down over time, but my first
impression was that it was much better.
It felt a lot less flimsy, less like a
toy, more like an actual like beefy
console. There might have been a little
bit of a wiggle, but it was definitely
way more solid than not. I also looked
on the inside where the controllers
attached and it has this connector that
for some reason everyone online thinks
is going to break. I just I touched it.
I played with it a little bit and it's a
lot more sturdy than I thought it would
be. If this breaks, that's completely on
you in my opinion, but we'll have to
see. Just feeling it for the first time,
it was really beefy, but also much
lighter than I expected. It felt like a
high-end quality version of just the
basic Switch and bigger. Can't complain
there. Also, the sticks, they felt
really good. Noticeably higher quality.
I don't even care if they're Hall effect
sticks. They felt just great and
obviously just bigger overall, which is
a huge win. And there's still so much I
could say about the console itself. But
while I was aggressively caressing the
system, there was a lady over the
speaker saying that they were getting
four groups ready to go in and play
Mario Kart World. So, we walked in with
the staff cheering like they thought I
was Reggie himself. They lined us up to
play a basic game of Mario Kart. And
when we got to the setup, I ended up
playing a split screen match with
Brandon. They had just rows and rows of
TVs. And these TVs were like OLED,
beautiful loud sound bars blasting the
game audio. And of course, not only did
we start playing Mario Kart, but they
also gave us the Joy-Con twos with the
grip. They're actually a good choice for
a controller. I honestly think it could
replace the need to buy a full-blown Pro
Controller for a lot of people,
thankfully. But anyways, back to Mario
Kart. I started using some of the new
features like the multiple tricks in the
air, the rail grinding, and I got to use
the sweet new items, and also visually
it was just better. Like, Mario Kart 8
looks great, but this game looks really,
really great. I know. Sorry, I'm getting
so technical. I was just blown away. It
looked fantastic for a Mario Kart game,
especially at that crisp 4K 60 frames
per second. I played about three races
and it felt new and fresh every single
time. I also played as Bowi Kachchowi,
the goat. I have a Lego version of him
right there. Speaking of characters, the
animation and expressiveness are a huge
step up from the previous installment.
Also, why in the world are the
characters and the costumes on the same
selection screen. It made the character
selection a bit overwhelming. I'll be
honest, it did. I hope they fixed that
for the full build of the game, although
it didn't seem like they were going to
in the Nintendo Direct. But yeah, this
game was a blast and it was fun to get
the hang of it, even if I sucked. And
after the first race, they even let me
try out handheld mode. And this was the
only time during the whole experience
you could actually try it out. This
thing felt amazing to play. It's bigger,
which makes it way more comfortable. And
as you know, I love this stick so much I
could eat them up. M yummy. But when I
was playing handheld, the display really
surprised me. As we all know, the screen
isn't OLED, which made me think
initially that the colors wouldn't pop
as much, but they really did. This
display supports HDR, which basically
makes it very bright. Combine that with
the resolution boost up to 1080p plus
the HDR and this actually rivals the
OLED screen. Now, the black levels won't
be as deep, but no doubt this is still
an upgrade in comparison. At least I
think so. I didn't have them side by
side and maybe it was just new and fresh
and I was um just glazing it up as hard
as I possibly could. But right then and
there I was like, "Oh, oh, this is good.
That feels nice." I only played one
round in handheld mode. Uh but it was uh
really fun and uh I love playing
handheld mode. Now, I will say I've
heard a lot of people say that this game
feels a little boring. And yeah, some
gameplay footage you might totally see
that. I mean, some parts were just long
roads, but I think the reason it might
look and feel a little boring is because
the Nintendo rep actually said this demo
was being played at 100cc, which is why
it looks so slow for those Mario Kart
veterans out there. There was also
steering assist on, which was helpful
for me, but made it a little difficult
to try to go off track for shortcuts and
made grinding on rails a little more
finicky. I also don't know about you,
but I completely forgot about that new
jumping mechanic thing. But I think the
thing that made Mario Kart World stand
out to me and what makes this a proud
day one pickup is the next mode they
made us play after we finished playing
these standard races with our buddies in
split screen. They took us to another
room, a room where I heard screaming and
yelling, and that was because we were
about to play Knockout Tour. As they
were lining us up to play these, I
finally got my sweet baby hands on a Pro
Controller. And I know they are very
similar to the old Pro Controllers, but
I don't know if it was just the fact
that this whole experience felt so
surreal or if the controllers actually
were better. The Pro Controller felt
really good. I think it was the texture
of it. Not even like the shape, the
texture. Maybe because it's newer than
my old Pro Controller, but the texture
felt much grippier and the bumpers felt
firm, but also somehow softer. I don't
know how to put into words. I would talk
about it more, but I was too busy
playing Mario Kart. So, Knockout Tour is
a game mode where 24 players race
against each other, and it's practically
Fortnite where if you're the last in the
race, you slowly get eliminated. At
every checkpoint, four players get
knocked out. When we started, you could
select your character, and I went for
the slithery guy, Wiggler, because he
has sauce, naturally, and while we
waited for the 24 players to load in,
you got thrown into a lobby where you
could actually freely move around. This
is what I assume free mode will be like,
and honestly, that's fine by me. The
movement felt excellent, and the map
felt built for it. I also just thought
it was neat how players were just
running around in the same lobby. And
once a cup was selected, all 24 players
clenched themselves and got ready to
race. And yeah, that's just crazy to
say. 24 people in the same room were
just playing the exact same match. 24
people. Nintendo was cooking, ladies and
gentlemen. And I'm not kidding. Once the
race started, it was an instant giggle
fest. I had never been so stressed out
playing Mario Kart. It was exhilarating.
I can't even explain it. The mode goes
through a bunch of tracks, and since
it's open world, all the tracks are
connected. But they all worked really
seamlessly. I did notice a few open
roads that felt a little long and a
little boring, but I think once I
understand the game more, it'll make
sense. I I I really just think I need to
play this more. Unfortunately, I lost
halfway through. Quinton also got pretty
far, but but the boy, the myth, clutched
the win against all of us. That's right.
Dman won. I can't believe this. And once
again, we're not done with him yet. Stay
with me here. After Knockout Tour, we
were funneled into yet another room.
That's right. We get to play
as Donkey Kong. They made us play Donkey
Kong Bonanza for 20 minutes, and I was
uh I was ready. I was just looking
forward to smashing everything you
possibly can. But when I actually played
this, I had a few issues that I want to
talk about. But first, let's talk about
the good here. The movement and chaos
that this game brings is very addictive.
I think this absolutely nailed the
feeling of smashing things and the
terrain breaking down around you. I can
already see how crazy the speedrunning
community is going to get with this
game. It also feels really good and
visually it looks very similar to
Odyssey just in 4K 60 frames per second
with a ton of particle effects and
things constantly flying around. Now, my
biggest issue with this demo and what
kind of made it drag on, which I hate
saying because I really wanted them to
pull me away from this with me kicking
and screaming, but I don't feel like
this game demo was really guiding you
very well. It it felt a little aimless
at times. I honestly felt like the
majority of the time was just be
smashing stuff and saying, "Yay, it's
fun to smash stuff." There are these
doors you can enter, very similar to
like shrines and inside there are like
these puzzles with platforms or you have
to defeat a certain amount of enemies.
And that was great. I like that a lot.
It also just took me a while to figure
out the mechanics and controls like how
to break things, grab rocks, how to
throw them, how the mining works both up
and down, and even how you can slide on
the rocks you grab like a skateboard.
like there are just a lot of things to
do and Donkey Kong's move set is hefty.
And honestly, I really like that. It's
just a little overwhelming when you know
you have like 20 minutes to play it and
try to experience as much as possible.
Now, don't get me wrong, I really like
the direction this is headed. I think
once I actually get the game and
understand the collectibles, the basic
level format, and everything else, it's
going to click for me and it could
easily be a game of the year contender.
But there's one thing about Donkey Kong
Bonanza that shakes me to my core. I
just had a voice crack, and that's the
performance. I was in disbelief with how
many frame dips I noticed while I was
playing. With Nintendo constantly making
the Switch 2's main gimmick, the extreme
power it brings, and with how much they
boasted about graphics and performance,
I did not expect to see any performance
issues from any of the first party
Nintendo games like this. And yet, it
was happening pretty often. Whenever the
world around you was crumbling, it
seemed to freak out a little bit. And
especially when you brought up the 3D
map that shows the full layout of the
world, that was really bad frame rate.
Like noticeably bad. I guess you could
argue that this could just be the demo
build of the game, but uh if anything,
you'd think they'd want to go out of
their way to make sure this build look
flawless. I really hope that they figure
out this frame rate issue before the
full launch, but we'll have to wait and
see. And you better believe I'll do a
video on it. So, subscribe. Now, after
we finished at Donkey Kong, they just
told us to let her rip and they threw us
out of the nest and let us spread our
wings into the Switch 2 experience where
you could play a ton of games. Now, they
gave us these cards at the beginning
that where you could only play six games
and whenever you go to a station to play
a game, they'll just initial it or
they'll put the game name and then uh
yeah, you could pick any six games to go
play and enjoy yourself. And when we got
in, we had about an hour to experience
all those six games. So, for some
reason, the four of us immediately
booked it to Mario Party Jamberee
specifically so we could use this
freaking camera. I did a whole video on
it, but this camera, first of all, it's
smaller than I expected, like tiny. I
actually finally felt tall beside it.
Anyways, we jumped into Mario Party so
we could play these mini games
specifically made for the camera. And
you can see on screen that I cked out
all four of us. And yeah, it did a fine
job, but it still looks pretty pixelated
and janky. But the real jankiness came
with the first game where you had to
balance a gloomba on your head. It was
fine. It worked, but like it wasn't
really fun, nor was it really intricate
as I wanted it to be. It felt like the
camera had a pretty hard time tracking
exactly where your head was, and it
would just get kind of frustrating. But
I was actually having a lot of fun just
because it was so dumb and we all knew
it. There was also a coin mini game
where you could just jump and collect
coins. It actually worked surprisingly
well. So that was cool. But the best one
came at the end when Bowser forced us to
move and scream as loud as possible. And
this got wild. I felt like everyone
looked over at us like we were getting
mugged right then and there. I mean,
just listen.
Okay, maybe we took it a little too far.
Maybe we screamed a little too loud. But
that's Mario Party. The reason that we
needed to scream was because it was
actually using the mic on the Switch 2
console. But I think the mic was blocked
off because you can see that the the
level on the mic was like pretty low. I
I don't actually think that that was
working very well. Could just be the
setup, though. After that game, we
decided to split off and tackle our own
games. This is also when I met up with
the boyc.com. You all know him. He's
epic. I've also noticed that most of my
audience watches him. He's like number
one. He was pretty much leaving right
when we were uh getting started, so I
couldn't yell at him during Mario Party,
but he did stick around to help me shoot
a little bit of the next game I played,
Metroid Prime 4. This was probably my
favorite game I played at the event next
to Mario Kart, because it really gave me
a new perspective on it. Like, going
into this, I wasn't a huge Metroid Prime
guy. I really enjoyed 2D Metroid games,
but back when I played Metroid Prime
Remastered, I really tried to push
through it and my brain just couldn't do
it anymore because of the backtracking
and the puzzles. I literally just wasn't
smart enough to finish it. So, with
that, I was always interested in Prime 4
and was going to try it out no matter
what. But when I played it here, I
walked away from this event even more
excited about it. And this was the only
game at the event that really utilized
the mouse mode feature in a shooter
setting, which is how I think the mouse
mode on the Switch would be utilized the
most, shooter games. and it made this
game feel so much more elegant and
faster, snappier. And I even turned the
mouse sensitivity up higher because I
just couldn't get enough. Not only did
the mouse feature pop off, but the fact
that the demo was being played at 120
frames per second made it really, really
smooth. It was very high quality, boys
and girls. Now, the mouse mode did make
my hand feel a little cramped after a
while. It wasn't unbearable, but I could
definitely start feeling it. I mean,
this could just be because I'm not used
to it yet. I also noticed that clicking
the buttons on the mouse Joy Con was a
little difficult, but there will no
doubt be accessories that allow you to
use this as I'm sure like an actual
mouse. So, that'll be interesting to see
when those come out. Thankfully though,
you could seamlessly swap back to gyro
or stick aiming if you wanted. But, I
can definitely see how much this is
actually going to help shooters on the
platform. Also, the game was just fun.
There was a boss fight at the end that
just wouldn't die, but fighting it and
figuring out the patterns was a blast.
Now, from there, I wanted to test a game
that I've already played before, one
that includes the boy Burby, Kirby in
the Forgotten Land and the Starcross
world DLC. This game already looked
amazing on the current Switch. So, the
fact that we're getting it at 4K 60
frames per second is just incredible.
The art style complements it so well,
and I was really blown away by just how
much 4K 60 frames per second really does
for this game visually. The DLC seems to
be a mix of the old levels and new
levels. There's even this new spring
mouthful mode that was pretty fun to
use, but other than that, I don't really
have much else to say about it. It'll be
fun to see what other content they add,
but the big thing here is that
resolution and frame rate boost.
Obviously, this is a day one pickup for
me. I love Kirby. But next up, I really
wanted to test out some third party
games because if you're a Switch player
at all, you'll know third party games on
Switch One generally get the short end
of the stick, if they get a stick at
all. And they had a handful of third
party games that I'm really excited for,
like Split Fiction, Street Fighter 6,
and Cyberpunk. Those are all launch
games that I'm getting day one. You
better believe it. And I'm so excited to
test out how broken they are on my
channel when they come out. So stay
tuned and subscribe. But first, let's
look at Cyberpunk. We all know that this
game was practically banned and broken
on last gen consoles like PS4 and Xbox
One. So the fact it's coming to Switch
2, well should be obvious, but it's also
just a testament to what kind of power
the Switch 2 will actually have. My
first impression with Cyberpunk was well
uh fine. I feel like the frame rate was
hitching pretty often, but there was
also just like a ton of motion blur on
the screen. though. It also seemed like
the resolution was low, but I couldn't
tell if that was just a mix of the
motion blur or what. I asked the
Nintendo if that was helping me if this
was performance mode, and he said yes.
But gamers, it definitely wasn't, or at
least I hope it wasn't. There's no shot
this was above 30 frames per second. My
eyeballs know. Trust me, it was fine. I
think I was kind of rushing through it
because my time was running out and I
still had other games I wanted to try.
But I've also heard online that a lot of
the upscaling wasn't actually enabled
for the demo for some reason, which made
the game look worse and perform worse.
So hopefully a lot of the resolution and
performance stuff gets tweaked and fixed
at launch. Now I also made the decision
to play Street Fighter 6. I don't know
why I did this. I really should have
played something like the Switch 2
Welcome Tour. I just forgot that that
was even there and I wanted to fill up
my card before I left. Anyways, regrets
aside, I might as well talk about it if
I played it. Street Fighter 6 was Street
Fighter 6. I don't know what else to
tell you. I'm not a big Street Fighter
guy, but I'm known to casually play it
here and there. I think the most
fascinating thing about this demo was
actually the controls. For some reason,
Street Fighter 6 got really quirky with
the control options. So, it gave me an
opportunity to play with the split
Joy-Con on its side. And you know what?
I'm actually very impressed with how
comfortable the Joy-Con feels on its
side now with the new SL and SR buttons
and the bigger stick and body. I mean,
this is a really great option if you're
in a pinch now. Definitely a lot better
than the old Switch One. I hate using
the old split Joycon 1, but on the
Switch 2, it's going to be much more
bearable. In fact, good. But back to
Street Fighter, there was a mode where
you had just shake the controller to
punch and kick. It was the most
unreliable way to play a fighting game
ever. And I'm not even talking about
calorie mode, where the only goal is to
shake it violently to lose calories. Why
did I play this? Now, I did pre-order
Street Fighter 6, and I'm excited to
actually play it on launch properly. And
I also think that graphically and
performance-wise, it's more than
serviceable. I'm just kind of
disappointed that I didn't use my time
on another game. But hey, I got those
amiibo. They're locked in, so that's
good. While we're on the topic of
thirdparty games, I went over to some
other booths just to watch some
gameplay, like Split Fiction and
Hogwarts Legacy. These are two beautiful
looking games when it comes to graphics,
but you can definitely tell that they're
not truly nextG visuals. A PS5 version
would still look better than these.
These were playing at a higher
resolution with better textures and
particle effects and everything. They're
still locked at 30 frames per second.
Obviously, it's still much better than
the Switch One could ever do, especially
in Hogwarts Legacy where you can
directly compare these two. But I think
that we need to remember that uh the
Switch 2 is a slice of the size of
current gen consoles. Like physically a
slice of the size. And that's when it
actually becomes really impressive.
Comparing this to other handheld
consoles and especially to the original
Switch, this is a powerful handheld.
Having third party games optimized right
out of the box is going to be a gamecher
for this console as well. Or at least
that's what I saw. We'll have to see.
The last game I played was one I needed
to test out because I've been so torn
about how I feel about this game. And
I'm talking about Dragon Drive. The
premise is simple. You play as a guy in
a wheelchair and it's a 3v3 game of
basketball. Plenty of people have
pointed out just how bleak the art style
is and yes, I completely agree, but it's
the gameplay that makes me question
everything. The way you move is just by
pushing the Joy-Con on its mouse side
using the classic wheelchair movement
like this. This is what you do. And I'll
give it some grace here. The mouse mode
and the controls feel good. And the HD
rumble in the controller make you feel
like you're actually like moving,
pushing the wheelchair, and it blends
really well with the gameplay. However,
the game is just not that fun. And maybe
it is because I was playing with a bunch
of strangers who literally took forever
to get through the tutorial, but there
didn't seem to be much of a strategy
except roll towards the ball and try to
shoot. And the thing is, yes, it's fun
to play and it's very unique, but the
controls are just frustrating at times
because it's hard to control the chair.
And maybe that's the fun in it. But
still, I think once you actually get
used to it and you have a group of
friends who are down to try it out,
there could be some fun to be had. Just
not here. And I think it really depends
on just how much more content Nintendo
adds to it. And if it isn't very cheap,
it could actually be dead on arrival.
Most people I talked to thought it was
the most midame possible, and I
completely agree. Now again, I didn't
get a chance to play everything. I
missed Welcome Tour, but also the
Gamecube NSO expansion. I walked over to
look at the controller, and yeah, it's a
GameCube controller with a C button. I
just didn't really want to play old
GameCube games when I was there to play
new games, but hey, they looked good. So
there you go. I was really just so happy
to be playing this console. I've been
waiting for the Switch 2 for such a long
time and I can't wait to finally get my
hands on it when it comes out. I've got
my prer locked in. I'm just excited to
make a ton of videos that you all can
enjoy. But then it was time to leave the
event. A sad side time, a slow walk down
the exit hole. And yes, one of the most
incredible things that they did wasn't
even the games themselves, the backpack
alone. They gave us just a free
backpack. I just don't understand how
they can just do this. I'm sure their
budget was high, though. You're welcome.
And then we left the building and there
he was a Mario Kart. I swear. Yo, you
actually were. You totally What's your
name? Uh, Daniel online by Dman. Demon.
Demon. Demon won our knockout tour.
Smoked it.
What? And just as suddenly as he
arrived, he was gone. Goodbye, Deman.
Well, that was fun. Thanks for watching
this video. Have you had a chance to
play the Switch 2 yet? Also, if you want
to support the channel, consider
becoming a member and get your name
added to the end. YouTube thinks you're
going to want to watch this video next,
so you should probably do that. All
right, see you.