[Music]
Today is the day. Today is the
day. 30 minutes in just 30 minutes. If
you're watching this, skip ahead to
about there because the Switch to Direct
will finally finally be here after what,
three, four years of annoying Switch 2
rumors and a bajillion videos about
them. It's finally here. We don't have
to see it anymore about the Switch 2 at
least. Switch 2 Pro rumor videos coming
soon in a couple years. Anyway, let's
not think about that right now. Today is
going to be monumental. I'm so so
excited. And I know a lot of people
right now are doing bingo cards and
stuff like that, but I wanted to do
something a little bit different. We
still have a ways to go. I don't usually
start direct streams this early, but I
thought, hey, let's reminisce on the
Switch one for a little bit, so I would
love to see everyone in chat talk about
what their favorite Switch One games
are, what you want to see for Switch 2.
And while we're doing that, I'm going to
be just kind of going through my uh
Switch library and just kind of looking
at some of the stuff that I have played
over the years because boy, has there
been a lot of memories. So, I thought
it'd be kind of fun to just go through
here for a little bit and, you know,
just just look at what we have played,
all the experiences we've had cuz I
mean, dude, there's just so much has
happened. So much has happened the past
seven to eight years.
Um, and and and frankly, it's amazing.
I'm still doing this after all this
time. And you we're going to be here for
Switch 2 as well. So, I'm I'm so so
happy about that. I'm really really
excited. Yes. After all these years,
weird dog, thank you so much for the
super. All right. So, yeah, let's just
kind we'll just like pick random games.
Now, a lot of this stuff, you know, I've
made videos on, but some of these things
I've never talked about on the channel.
Like calculator. Does everyone remember
when buying the calculator app was like
a meme in like 2018? This is like a $10
app that people were buying as there was
like calculator speedruns and stuff. So,
I ended up getting it and it Yep. It's a
calculator. All right. Um, dude. Okay.
This is This is the generation. This is
the console that got me into Dang and
Rampa. If these games didn't get ported
over, I would not have played these.
Just to be
[Music]
honest, hey, what's up, Attacking Two
cans? Hope you're doing
well. You're hyped for Prime 4. What
about you? I I'm hyped for honestly just
Mario Kart. I'm just hyped for Mario
Kart. I just want to see that. Let's see
what else we've got here. So, I mean,
look, I could talk about this for hours.
There are so many games here. I'm just
going to pick random stuff. Okay, this
game is actually sick. Horizon Chase
Turbo for anyone that likes arcade
racers. Get this game. This is still
fantastic. It's kind of like if you
remember Pole Position, like the Namco
game, Pole Position, it's like a very
modern version of that. It has really,
really great synth wave music. Awesome
game. Really awesome
game. See, Jump Rope Challenge. Dude,
this game is always so funny to me. I
think I played it like maybe once, but I
love that Nintendo took the game
down and then they they like brought it
back because everyone got upset. I don't
I I will always find that so weird. Like
this is a free game they just like took
away from us and they brought it back. I
don't know. It's just so weird. Good to
see you're doing good. I am I'm super
super excited for today. I can't
wait. Ah, what else? Now, Lumines. So, I
actually did not play this on the Switch
first. This is a puzzle game. It was
actually I think it was pretty popular
on the PS VA. That's when I when I first
played it cuz I did a uh a ranked video
on ranking all the all the consoles or
whatever for PlayStation and I found
there was a Switch version. I'm like,
"Oh, hell yeah. That's awesome." Of
course, look at all these Mario games.
You know, looking at this
library, we got some good stuff. Mario
had a really good generation. You know,
this isn't all of them. There's more
down below, but like I mean Kingdom
Battle, Sparks of Hope, uh the Mario
Parties were all great. Obviously, Mario
Kart, um and then there, you know,
there's a lot more down here. What else?
You know, all of these 3D Allstars,
Bowser's Fury, Mario Bros. Wonder, Mario
Maker Odyssey. I mean, look at this. We
ate so good as Mario fans this
generation. This is so much Mario for
one Nintendo
console. You're hyped, killing, dude.
I'm super hyped as well. killing. Thank
you again for the
resub. What else do we have in Paper
Mario? I still can't believe this game's
real. I still can't believe it's
real. Now, you know what I am hoping for
for Switch to Generation. The Pokemon
games are not um bad. Like, I don't want
to say the Pokemon games are bad, but in
terms of like the perform, I hope they
just run better at the bare minimum. I
just want them to run better and look
nicer. That's all I ask for when it
comes to Pokemon for Switch 2. Will we
get it? I don't know. Sodoku also ate.
Dude, dude, I have all five of them. I
You know, you know what I used to do?
So, this is this is back in
2018. What I used to do um once I was
done working is I would play Tetris 99.
I play some Splatoon 2. I play both
those for like maybe an hour and then
right before bed, I fired up some
Sudoku. I would solve a couple puzzles
and then go to sleep. It was it was a
habit for a long time. So I played a lot
of the first game, a lot of the second
and then I think a little bit of the
fifth game. I never even played these
two, but I got them anyway just because
I like the music in the games. And then
Sua
game is such a weird one. I think this
game got big because of because it was
on the Switch. I mean it got big because
of Twitch streamers obviously, but I
think most of them were playing it on
Twitch at the time. still really really
fun and a brand new Monkey Ball game,
Banana Rumble. It It was okay. Um it
wasn't bad. It definitely wasn't my
favorite Monkey Ball, but it was really
cool to see a new Monkey Ball and
exclusive to the Switch even still. Even
so, I actually think they added um they
added uh the Among Us crew fighter or
crew fighter, the Among Us crew mate. I
think they added them pretty recently.
Aiden says, "Breath of the Wild 3
announcement." I don't think we're going
to see any new 3D Zelda today. 3D Mario
is possible, but you know what? I'm
actually Okay, this is going to sound
insane, but I was listening to uh Nate
the Hate's podcast last night, and he
thinks they're saving 3D Mario for
June. So, I don't It's just a
prediction. He doesn't know. He didn't
leak it or whatever, but I just think
that's insane. If there really isn't a
new 3D Mario shown today, that's going
to be pretty nuts.
I don't know, man. I mean, I it's I
guess it's possible because they might
just talk about Mario Kart and then 3D
Mario and June, but that just seems
insane. And then Zelda. Okay, Zelda was
so decisive this generation. A lot of
people have opinions about Tears of the
Kingdom. Um, but I don't know, man. I
liked pretty much all of these. You
know, I thought all the Zeldas were
really, really good except
um I don't know. No, no. Actually, I'm
thinking about I'm trying to think of
like the other ones that are that are on
here that this these are all still
really good. Hey, what's up, Squiggler?
Are there any games I'm secretly hoping
to see? I just want to see more Mario
Kart. I want to see if Mario Kart's
actually going to have something
different this time. Is there going to
be a single player adventure mode?
Because if there is, I'm going to freak
out. I'm not going to lie. I'm going to
freak out. That That's honestly all I
want to see. Just something cool with
Mario Kart. Besides that, I don't really
care what they announce. Uh, Rift, thank
you. You're hyped for Pokemon, Mario
Kart, and Paper Mario. Hope the next
Paper Mario is similar to Thousand-Year
Door. I hope it is, too. I really hope
that the next Paper Mario continues with
the the old school RPG combat. That
would be great. And Cheryl, thank you.
Big predictions for today. Kiddic
Uprising. Maybe. Maybe we'll see Kiticus
Uprising. I think it's only going to be
okay. I'm going to say there's going to
be three big first party games, a couple
of smaller first party games, and then
just like the rest will be third party.
It'll be crazy third party. Like I think
it's basically a lock. We're seeing Halo
today. We are seeing Phil Spencer, a
pre-recorded video of him saying how
they're going to support the Switch 2
and then boom, Halo Master Chief
Collection. I think that is happening
today and it's going to be crazy.
See what else we've got. Uno. I've
played a lot of Uno. Dude, this game, oh
my god. Untitled Goose Game. I remember
when this game got really popular for a
while. That was fun. Uh, speaking of
like board games though, you know what?
You know what game I played a lot on the
Switch? I played this all the time.
Monopoly for Nintendo Switch. And also
the this new one just came out, I think
this year. But no, I played this all the
time. There's a couple friends um that I
play Monopoly with and yeah, I have a
lot of really good memories playing
these games now. It doesn't run great.
The game likes to crash a lot, but it it
doesn't really matter. I have played so
so much Monopoly on the Switch. You know
what else I played? Let's go. Let's just
do board game stuff. Clubhouse Games.
God, this game is freaking sick. I
probably put over a hundred hours into
this, too. You know, I've I've played
this game with family. I've played this
one with friends. It's It's just like
the perfect game to play casually with
other people. Really really like this.
And Clue as well. It's actually a very
good version of Clue. And it has like
DLC, too. It's it's it's
fun. Vital, you want to see a rated R
zombie Mario game? Well, that that's not
going to happen. I'm going to tell you
right now. I think it's a lock that that
won't
happen. What else do we have, dude?
Kirby, man. Kirby Kirby had some really
good stuff as well. I mean, Forgotten
Land, Return of Dreamland Deluxe, and
this game is slept on. Kirby's Dream
Buffet, it just randomly dropped digital
only. This is a really, really fun game.
It's kind of like a I guess you could
call it a racing game, I suppose. But I
really like Dream Buffet a lot. And this
h this game was just okay. I don't I
don't think it was as bad as people say
it is. It's just kind of boring.
And then Luigi's Mansion. Dude, Mansion
3. Mansion Man, Mansion 3 was so good.
And this game was just fine. You know, I
think we could actually see Mansion one
today. I think that's possible. Like cuz
if if we're going to talk about like
smaller games that could happen, Luigi's
Mansion one getting a remake. That
That's something that could definitely
happen. I don't think it'd be like a
launch title, but they could they could
release it like in October this year or
something. Dream Buffet is great. It's
just small. Yeah, exactly. It's It's a
good
game. It's just like a small little game
and I hope we continue to see that. You
know, I don't want to see Nintendo take
the steps that Sony and Microsoft have
taken where they they spend like 10
years and a gajillion dollars on a game
and then they don't have any money left
afterwards. I want to see them to
continue to put out small little titles
a few times a year as well as their big
stuff a couple times a year.
Dude, in Mario Kart Live Home Circuit,
this will this is a very memorable game
for me, too, because when this game came
out, I was in the process of moving from
my condo to where I currently live. And
uh I remember I when I made I made a
triggered video for it. This is back in
like 2020. And I I like recorded all of
it like at my condo, but then the little
skit thing that we did at the end, that
was recorded at the new house. So, it's
recorded in two different places. I
don't think I uh had a video that um
like interfered with moving besides like
that one. So, that game's very
memorable. And then uh
yeah, and then Mega Man, dude. Lot lots
and lots of Mega Man, at least in terms
of collections, right? You know, Mega
Man 11 was fun. Um, unfortunat we
haven't gotten any new Mega Man's
recently, but still so many fantastic
collections. And seeing the Battle
Network uh games all get re-released is
really really cool. I never would have
thought they'd do that. But that that's
awesome. And then, hey, Metroid, you
know what? We got two fantastic Metroid
games and Prime 4 coming this year,
which is great. Uh, Minecraft. Okay,
we're definitely We might actually see
Minecraft today. I could see them doing
like a uh a sizzle reel or just a queen
uh a very brief mention of just like,
hey, there's going to be a Switch 2
version of Minecraft. It's going to run
better cuz currently the game does not
run very
well. Uh let's see. And dude, I can't
believe I got this. You know, I'm one of
the 10,000 people in the world that was
able to actually play this game. I I
can't show the footage. I did record
some footage locally, but I don't know
if I'll ever be able to show it. But
yeah, this was a weird game and we might
actually see what this is today. We
might, you know, see fully what it
[Music]
is. And then Pac-Man 99, Mario Bros. 35
as well. I still, you know, I still miss
Mario Bros.
35. That was so much fun. And then all
the Shantae games. I think this is still
the only platform that has every single
Shantae game in one place. unless like
that's changed. But I think it was
definitely the first one to have all
five of the games. And you know, I tried
the first game. I honestly didn't really
like it that much. It was a little
confusing. But I've heard that I think
Pirates Curse and um I think Half Genie
Hero are pretty good. So someday I'm
going to play
those. They might make Mario Bros. 40.
Yeah, dude. We need Tetris 999 like the
Odd Ones Out said. You're right. We need
that Sonic Forces. Oh my god, man. I
can't believe this game
exists, dude. They they spent so long on
Sonic Forces only for it to just be the
most mid Sonic game ever. Followed up.
Well, yeah. Well, I guess it started
with Mania, then it was followed up with
this. Like, wow. What a year for Sonic
fans going from Mania to Forces in a
span of like what, three months? Because
I think Ma Yeah, Mania came out like
August 2017 and then I think Sonic
Forces was
September or October or something. I
don't
know. And Tao. I This is the first time
I ever played Tao. Tao is really fun. I
really like that one a lot. But yeah,
this is my library. Um I guess we could
just do Switch two predictions in the
chat. But yeah, I guess you have an idea
of what my library looks like. So, and
it's not everything. There's a couple of
like physical games I don't have loaded
up on here,
but yeah, this is basically
everything. Now, how much longer did I
pass time quickly? I Okay, 8:44. All
right, we have 16 minutes. This could be
the longest 16 minutes of my life. Oh my
gosh. Oh, look at that. Oh my god, guys.
Guys. Oh, you can't see it cuz my
facecam. They were streaming this in 4K.
I I think that basically confirms for I
mean we are it's pretty obvious we're
going to get Switch to uh 4K output, but
like the fact they're streaming this in
4K. I think it's a that's a surefire
sign that we're going to be seeing uh 4K
on this
console. Z, thank you for the super. He
decided your last game for the Switch
will be Metroid Prime Remastered. That's
a nice pick. That's a really solid pick
to wrap up. So now I guess we'll just
talk about like Switch 2 stuff. I want
to hear from chat. What do you want to
see today? It can be realistic,
unrealistic, who cares? It doesn't
matter, right? Um, like for me, I'm
thinking obviously we're going to see
Mario Kart. That's a lock. I think
GameCube Switch Online is going to get
announced today. We will probably see
Fire Emblem or Xenolade. It's going to
be one or the other. Fire Emblem or
Xenolade. I think we'll see um either 3D
Mario or Donkey Kong as well. it. It's
got to be one of those two. And then I
think that's probably it in terms of
first party stuff. Then the rest is
going to be all third
party. And maybe we'll see like a Zelda
remake. Um I I could see them just not
really talking about Zelda at all,
[Music]
too. Ocarina of Time. I want to see
Ocarina of Time remake. That would be so
hype. That would be so so
exciting. Now, in terms of 3D Mario, of
course, everyone's talking about that
now. In terms of 3D Mario, is it going
to be Odyssey 2, Galaxy 3, a brand new
game? I think it has to be a new game.
So much time has passed. Like, I'd be
shocked if it wasn't a brand new 3D
Mario. I And it's got to be um like a
like Bowser's Fury, right? Um you just
play Bowser's Fury. Well, you just play
Bowser's Fury. What am I saying? I got
distracted cuz someone gifted five subs.
Thank you so much, D. I appreciate that.
Um, you know, I think the new 3D Mario
will be like seven to eight massive
levels that are that are like Bowser's
Fury. You just run around in an open
area and collect stuff as you go. That's
I think that is exactly what we're going
to see today. If there's a 3D Mario, you
know, they definitely could save it
until June. It's very possible. I I just
don't see that. I think Nintendo, See,
Nintendo has been hyping up this Direct
more than any in history. There is no
way they're not going to at least tease
3D Mario. They might not show a lot, but
I think they're going to show a little
bit, right? They got to show at least a
little
[Music]
bit. Have I played Astrobot? I have
actually this week for members. I have a
video going up about Astrobot.
What if we get Dude, if we get Astrobot
today as a port be so funny. It won't
happen, but that would be hilarious if
we just saw Astrobot show up out of
nowhere. You're praying for a new War
Land. Now, Wario Land is one of those
smaller, I guess, more niche Nintendo
IPs I could see show up today. I think
they would, but I think they'll probably
save that for like a few years down the
line. Like, it's definitely in the
works. it.
Yeah. Now, I guess we could talk about a
couple other IPs. Animal Crossing, Smash
Bros., I'm seeing those get it brought
up a lot. I honestly don't think we're
going to see those today. I think
they're going to hold off on Animal
Crossing for at least another year.
Like, they're definitely going to have
it soon. But I think Mario Kart and 3D
Mario and Animal Crossing, that would be
too much. But I think Animal Crossing is
definitely going to happen next year.
And Smash Bros. Again, same scenario. We
might hear about it this year, but I
highly doubt it's coming out next year.
They're going to hold on to that until
2026 or 2027 at least. So, they got to
space out their their big stuff, right?
They can't do everything
today. What song is this? This is Lake
or Lake Lapcat from Bowser's Fury. And
it's a 30inut uh version. So it should
stop right as the uh direct is about to
[Music]
begin. We're going to have Smash 6
before GTA 6. We might snowy. You never
know. It's very possible. Honestly, I
can kind of see that cuz we're supposed
to get GTA 6 this year, right? But I I
highly doubt it. I I think it's very
very likely it's going to get delayed to
2026 because they haven't showed
anything else besides that one trailer
over a year ago. They would have showed
something else by now if the game was
coming soon. I just don't think it's
ready. And Call of Duty, I saw Call of
Duty in the chat. We I think we'll see
Call of Duty today, too. I think that's
um well I think Nintendo already signed
a deal to they have like a 10-year
contract with um with Activision or
whatever or I guess Microsoft now,
right? So yeah, we'll definitely see COD
today. Just like a brief snippet which
could end up being huge, you know, that
really could be a big
thing. Chat, look at that. We are 10 10
minutes away
now. We are so close, dude. It doesn't
even feel real. Like honestly, today
does not feel real at all. I can't
believe we are actually this close to
seeing the future of the Switch 2. We
are so so
close. You hope we get an F-Zero
collection. You know, if we get anything
F-Zero, I I think first off, not
happening today, but it could happen um
maybe this year. It it would probably
just be like a port of F-Zero GX. I just
I would really be shocked to see them do
a brand new F-Zero, especially since
Mario Kart's coming out this year. But I
mean, who knows, right? This is
Nintendo. They do whatever they want.
There's not much predicting what they
do. Special E Alin, thank you so much
for the uh the
rembership. And Silkong, I I don't know,
man. I'm going to be honest. I don't
think we're seeing Silkong. I'm just
never going to expect that game. I think
the game isn't real anymore. I think it
isn't real. And Trey gifting five more
memberships. Dude, thank you so so much.
Um, that is incredibly generous of you.
Thank you. So, anyone that is a new
gifted member, um, I've been doing
weekly membership videos. So, um,
there's actually a lot of exclusive
content for members to check out. So,
hey, feel free if you
[Music]
want. All right, 851, 9 minutes
away. I'm going to hype up every single
minute. We got to do it.
All right, any more predictions, chat? I
want to see more predictions. Let's
Let's see this chat pop off. What else
are we going to see today? Mario
Baseball. We might see some Mario base.
So, obviously, we're going to see stuff
about the Switch, too, right? The mouse
controller, the C button, which is
probably just chat, and it's not that
exciting, but it'll still be cool,
right? Uh, we'll get the price, the
release date. There we go. Now chat's
popping off. That's what I'm talking
about. Galaxy 3. Why not? Cuphead 2.
We're not going to see Cuphead here.
That would be really funny and sick.
Loops, thank you for the super. Maybe we
can get a lot more themes. Maybe themes.
Hotel Mario 2. Hell yeah. That's what
I'm talking
about. Oh. Oh my god. Kirby Planet
Robot. You know what? I I honestly kind
of forgot that that's been rumored for a
while. I think we have We got to see
Planet Robot today. Like this would
actually be a great time to show that
game, right? cuz we're going to see,
like I said, we'll probably only see
like three big IPs today and then a
handful of remakes and then like a bunch
of third party. Like that's that's what
we're going to
see. Uh Juniors, how do I feel about
Sonic Racing Crossworld? I think it
looks it looks better than Team Sonic
Racing and it maybe it'll be better than
Allstars Transformed. I mean, um we'll
have to see. I didn't play the uh the
demo, but I'm I'm definitely going to
play it and I might I might do a video
on it. We'll see.
Zach says, "Rip to the legend Etekica."
I know, man. You know what it's like?
Every time that a direct happens,
especially today, I always think about
Etica and just how excited that he would
be. So, rest in peace to that man. He's
gone too soon. I still have his um his
Joy-Con Boy shirt. I I don't know where
it is. I have it. I think it's like in
my closet somewhere. But yeah, man.
Those were hype. I remember the Etica
streams. I was I was there for a lot of
them. Um I I don't think anyone really
knew because I was still a much smaller
channel, but I was there for a lot of
them. Um Potato unrealistic, but GTA 6
trailer 2,
no definitely not happening, but god
that would be that would be incredible.
I mean, there's going to be some cool
third parties, right? We're definitely
going to see Halo. We're going to see
Call of Duty. We might even see like,
you know, I know people don't care here,
but like Madden, you know, yearly
Maddens again. I mean, I know it's not
exciting for everyone here, but like
that would still be a pretty big
deal. And better Mario Bros. 3D open
world Mario. I very good chance we see
that today.
Absolutely. I'm see Oh, more Silkong.
I'm so sorry. I just There's no way
we're going to see Silk Song today. I
just don't see it. And Smash gifting the
the membership. Thank
you. Mario Maker, you know, we have not
talked about Mario Maker yet. Um,
obviously it's okay. Actually, hold on.
All right, this might be a crazy take.
What if there's no 3D Mario this year,
but we get Mario Maker 3? And the reason
they do that is because that's the game
that uses the mouse for the Joy-Con.
Now, I'm not going to lie. I would be a
little ups if they delay 3D Mario to
release a new Mario Maker, but like come
on. This is that's the perfect game, the
perfect Nintendo game for them to use
the mouse
mode. I think that that's very possible
today. I mean, cuz Mario Maker 2 came
out 2019. It's been 6 years. That is
more than enough time for them to make a
brand new Mario
Maker. Let's see. L's Mario Kart Retro
Tracks that haven't been used. Oh,
um I we'll we'll have to see what the
new Mario Kart's like, but I mean, who
knows? Maybe. And then RJB Gravity Rush
possibly. You never know. Thomas, uh the
Switch was released eight years ago. I
know, man. It was released eight years
ago. You know, it's funny. I remember
the 2017 uh Switch One presentation
still. And at the time I was living in
this apartment that was uh infested with
roaches and it was miserable to live
there. And I think I streamed it, but I
don't know if the stream is still on my
channel, but it's it's pretty surreal
that we are doing this again. We are
doing this again with the Switch 2. It's
very very
surreal. Um and then Race Cena with
Smash Bros. Melee. You know what? We
might see that today. We really might
see that today. Um because I think
they're going to announce Gamecube
Switch Online. They're probably going to
raise the price to like 60 a month or
not 60 a month, 60 a year. God, please
not. 60 a month would be insane. Please
no. Um, in cubing, how do I feel about
the Switch era? I am so happy with the
Switch era. I really
am. I think, you know, Nintendo, it was
not a perfect era, but this is one of
Switch One was one of the best
generations that Nintendo has ever had
just in general. So many fantastic
games. So many series came back. It felt
like they really listened to us this
time with the kinds of games that we
wanted. The Switch one era was it was
magical. And let's like even just like
just all the Smash Bros. trailers, how
exciting it was to watch all of those
for
years. Like we we really got so lucky to
be a part of the Switch One generation.
And here we are going into Switch 2. Uh
Krispy, you're going to miss the Switch
One era.
Yeah, I there there's definitely, you
know, parts of it that I'm going to
miss, too. But like we have no idea
what's coming. We might get the same
thing or something better for Switch 2.
Like, who knows? It's very possible,
right, guys? We are three minutes away
from the
future. 3 minutes away from Nintendo's
new
future. I I can't believe I actually
can't believe it. We are so close. We
are so close. Oh, this is so exciting,
dude. I cannot wait. I cannot
wait. Playing a COD game on Switch 2 is
crazy. Uh maybe, you know, it might not
be crazy in mouse mode. It might work
very
well. Cam Mario Kart 16. Yo, we're going
to see. We'll see. Mario Kart something.
Mario Kart 37. It's got It's going to be
one of
[Music]
them. Okay. I want to know from chat
right now. What are we feeling? Is Mario
Kart going to have Nintendo characters
or not? Yes or no? Tell me in chat.
We're 2 minutes away. Let's do this.
Okay, I'm going to go ahead and stop the
music. Well, let me actually I'll just
throw it right here.
Okay. All
[Music]
right. Yes. No. Oh my god. Wow. There
there's there's actually a lot here.
Well, I could just do a poll. I always
forget that. engage with my audience. I
would love to. Nintendo Kart, yes or no?
All right. Go ahead. Vote in the
poll. All
right. Oh my god. I can't I can't I
still can't believe we're actually here.
After years and years of rumors, we're
finally getting this
direct. Punch Out is a launch title.
Now, I actually could see Punch Out
coming back. You know what? I think this
is the time we get punched back. I don't
think it'll be today, but I could see it
for the Switch 2 era because we didn't
get it in Switch one. Didn't get it for
Wii U. It's time to bring that one back.
Also, we are less than a minute. Less
than a
minute. Oh, that's perfect. And the song
is fading out
naturally. Less than a minute. Oh my. I
can't believe we're here. We are here.
We have made it to Switch 2. We have
made
it. Last week, you bet you Oh. Oh my
god. Wow, they got a timer. They got a
counter. Oh, dude. We are going to be
eating
today. Wow. Nintendo's never done a
counter
before, bro. They They are They got They
got some stuff to show us. They got some
crazy stuff to show us. If they're doing
a timer, you know, it's it's going to go
hard today. It's going to go hard today.
All right, chat. When we get to 10, I
want you to count down with
me. Dilly, thank you so much for the
remembership. All right, let's do this
thing.
10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 We're here. We are
here. Oh, man. All right. What are they
going to open with? It's probably Mario
Kart,
right? Is that a Galaxy Star
bit? Oh. Oh, it's just like their new
direct. Oh my god, it's like their new
intro.
Okay, honestly, this kind of kicks
hard. Nintendo Switch
2. Honestly, that was
cool. Okay, Mario
Kart. Starting with Mario Kart, baby.
Let's go.
Oh my god. Hey, look at that. It's
Mario. Let's go. Oh, that was Kevin's
[Music]
Mario. Look at all the racers. We're
here. Oh my
god. Wow. Okay, this goes kind of hard.
Definitely a different sound compared to
Mario Kart 8. Oh, this is so cool. DK
Pass. Oh, new. Oh my god, dude. It's a
25m
stage. Oh my god,
dude. This is amaz Oh my god, this game
looks so good. This game looks so
goddamn
good. Wow, dude. The carts are so cool
now. Oh, it's a new Luigi's Mansion.
King Biz redesign there. Dude, there's
so much happening. That's Shy Guy Bazar.
That was Shy Guy Bizarre. What? What's
that? You can play as a cow. You can
play as the goddamn cow. What? You can
play as the
cow. What? What is happening? What? You
can turn into the
truck. Oh. Oh my god.
Costumes. What? Yes, I predicted it
right. There's going to be a bunch of
costumes for everyone. I predicted a
plane. Oh my god, dude. There's so much
happening. I can't take, dude. I can't
take
it. Okay. What is it called? Mario Kart
World. Mario Kart World. Holy crap. You
can play as a cow. You can play as the
Mario Kart cow. I can't believe that.
Hello everyone. I'm Kamoto and I'll be
one of your guides for today's Holy
[ __ ] dude. There's so much just
happened. What was that? Nintendo Switch
Mario Kart World. Okay. Hey, I'm
Takuhiro Dota, the director for Nintendo
Switch 2. Dude, you see him like
tricking off the side?
That was so sick. Nintendo Switch. Okay,
I need to actually listen. What you just
saw was Mario Kart World. Yep. Launching
exclusively on Nintendo Switch.
Exclusively. Now, what do you think this
brand new Mario Kart game will be like?
Oh my god, look at
it. Look at that. That's so cool. Entry
in the Mario Kart series is launching
exclusively on the Nintendo Switch
system.
Oh my god, it's open world.
Oh my god, it's actually Oh, Dude, I
called it in my video. I called it in my
video.
Look at the King Buu. He looks Dude, he
looks so sick. He's absolutely dripping
out. Oh my god. I called it in my
video. All right, I'll turn it up a
little. Like I said, I can't have it
that loud. All right, I turned up a
little bit. Sorry, chat. You can go off
the racetrack and drive. This is
amazing. They're actually doing it.
Oh,
Grand Warrior Stadium. They read Warrior
Stadium. Oh my god. But don't sleep at
the wheel. Holy crap. Drive to the next
part of the competition. I can't believe
it. With 24 drivers in each race,
they're doing open world Mario Kart
history. The competition is gearing up.
I can't believe they're doing it.
Knockout tour.
I miss airship portraits host factory. I
miss that. I missed that. There's so
much from one corner of the world to
another. This is so goddamn cool. I I'm
so glad they're doing this. Finally.
There are multiple checkpoints along the
way. If you're below the
place, you'll be eliminated.
God, I love the art style. Will you make
it all the way to the finish line?
So many costumes, too. Free room. What's
this? You can also freely drive around
this vast world in free room. Oh my god,
dude. This is so cool. You can explore
new. Guys, I called it in my video. I
can't believe it. Where your heart takes
you.
You can also go for scenic drives with
friends. Dude, and with friends, too.
together at different location. That is
amazing. There it is. Oh my god. Airship
Fortress looks great. It looks great,
dude. Wait, that's Dino Dino Jungle, I
think. Nabbit. Nabbit's playable, dude.
There's This is insane.
This is insane.
Look at the art.
You can play as a Goomba. You can play
as a Goomba. More details about this
title will be Oh my god, there's a D. Oh
my freaking god. There's unh.
[Music]
Okay, I'm h I don't care what else
happens. That is the best Mario Kart
I've ever seen in my life. I literally
do not give a [ __ ] what else happens
today. So, we hope you're looking
forward to it.
Oh my god. Next, we'd like to introduce
some of the new features of Nintendo
Switch 2.
Okay, Switch features. are the Joy-Con 2
controllers for Switch 2. Okay,
and on the right Joy Con 2. All right, I
turn my volume down slightly. All right,
so what does this do? Let's take a look
at some new experiences it offers. So,
I've never actually um I'll just listen.
I've never seen this guy. Is he someone
new at Nintendo?
Oh, there's a weird
delay.
Alone. I don't know why the word alone
is funny.
Together.
Yep. It's voice chat. Screen sharing.
This is just Discord. It's straight up
Discord.
Wait.
I'm coming for you. Okay. So, they added
Discord. That's cool.
Introducing Game Chat, a new feature for
Nintendo Switch 2. That's awesome. It is
about damn time Nintendo does this.
This literally just looks like Discord.
I love this.
With friends and family while playing a
game.
That's great.
Whoa, that was a lot of height. While
using the game chat feature, your voice
is recognized by a microphone built into
the system. Okay, yeah, that makes
sense. Oh, there's a pro controller. It
can pick up your speaking voice clearly,
even from a distance. Let's jump on
here. That was the new Pro Controller.
All right, let's keep going. Let's make
I can't really see it though. When it's
noisy around you, your voice will still
come through clearly, letting you chat
with ease. How did you get hit by a bow?
Okay, nice. Nice. It does look
beautiful. It's And you can use this
feature in handheld mode, too, letting
you chat with friends and family.
Screen sharing. Open the chat menu and
turn on game. Wait, hold on. Face cam.
Good job. There. Hold on. The the faceam
So, share your game screen. Did you see
someone just like go on top of that
dinosaur? There was a face cam button.
Oh, look at all the Why is it so laggy?
Oh, shoot. Look at how laggy the bottom
screen is. Okay, I got it. I got it.
[Music]
Oh my god.
That was a lot. Oh, Animal Crossing to
your heart's content even while playing
different games. Okay, that that is
cool. Why is it so laggy though? Holy
crap. in the sky right here. Ah, I fell.
I'm falling. I'm falling. I'm falling.
Okay, we got it. We're safe. We're safe.
Kirby, look. You're a star. That's so
cute. So cute.
Mario, you can adjust the size of your
game screen.
Okay, guys. I'm lost. Like, where' you
go? Yo, Jordan, thank you for the
member.
Or expand another game screen.
Okayove your left. I'm surprised they're
showing this much laggy footage of this.
Hey guys, we have a worse version of
Discord on Switch 2. Don't you want to
use that instead of Discord?
Okay. Oh, nice. Let's take a picture
here. Well, I guess I'm not going to I
guess I just won't use the screen share,
but the the chat I will definitely use.
On the right Joycon 2 controller,
there's an additional button.
With the C button, you can pull up a
chat menu.
Oh, dang. Really? Actually, guys, uh, I
got a call coming right now. So, yeah,
at least I'm being honest with this. I
mean, ser, it's not even just laggy.
It's like the resolution is so bad.
Nintendo Switch to camera. Okay, that
was what I saw earlier.
Hey, wow, this is just worse. Disc Why
don't they just have Discord make this
for them? Oh, hi. How's everyone doing?
Good. You can appear on screen. I'm like
I'm so distracted by the lag that I'm
not even looking at the new Mario Kart
footage.
God, the Mario Kart looks so good, guys.
It looks so good.
Can you wait for me? Please look forward
to games which use your camera feed like
this.
Oh, okay. You know what? That's actually
really cool.
That's cool. Go a little more this way.
A reaction cam for Mario Party mini
games. That's a really neat idea.
Even when you're apart, you can play
games and hang out as if you were
together in the same room. Play together
or compete in online multiplayer games.
I mean, it's cool, but they got I don't
know, man. That frame rate is so rough.
Decide your own rules for a retro game
competition.
or hold a sports competition.
Where's the one? Where's the one two
switch footage? I want to see that. Game
chat.
Okay. What did you think? Uh developing
game chat. That's my honest thought. Was
for you to enjoy playing online with
others more closely. I mean, it's cool.
I'm glad they're doing it. At least
almost as if you're all playing together
in the same place. I guess we'll have to
wait till Switch 3 for them to not have
lag. The camera you saw in the trailer
is Nintendo Switch camera using the USBC
which will be available on the same day
as Switch. Another thing I have to buy
the Switch 2 camera. A Nintendo Switch
online membership will be required to
use. Okay, you know what? That's
actually kind of stupid. Since we'd like
as many people as possible to experience
Game Chat, it will be available without
a membership for a limited time. Oh,
okay. Two year.
Additionally, Game Chat supports the
Nintendo Switch parental controls app
and different settings can be adjusted.
For example, whether parental permission
is always required when a child wants to
use Game Chat to play with their
friends. Okay,
we'd like to introduce another new
experience you can share with family and
friends. A new experience
on Nintendo Switch. Even if you just
have one game, you can pass a Joy-Con
controller to a friend and play
together. But on Nintendo Switch, you
can play together locally on multiple
systems using just one game.
Okay, that's that's actually awesome.
Games that require multiple screens can
be played if one person owns a
compatible. Okay, that's great. That
reminds me of like um DS DS players who
also have Nintendo Switch 2 or a
Nintendo Switch system. That makes way
more games playable in Clubhouse at a
time. Okay, that is online switch
systems and you can use it with friends
via game chat which we showed earlier.
Game share can only be used with compat
only software updates. Okay, this
feature is planned for several titles
starting with a free update. Why not
bring back
download game share support is also
planned for select games exclusive to
Nintendo Switch 2. So we hope forward to
it. Up next,
we'd like to show you Nintendo Switch 2
system itself.
Okay, please take a look.
Please take a
look. Same thickness
at 7.9 in. I cannot get over how cool
the Mario Kart looks. Here's how that
compares to Nintendo Switch. The
system's thickness remains the same. Yo,
what's up, Mega Dude? It has been years.
With approximately double the pixels
compared to Switch, you can enjoy games
in greater detail on the 1080p screen.
Okay, 1080p. Nice.
Nice. Oh my, they're actually doing up
to 120 fps. The screen supports up to
120 frames per second. That's real.
Smoother gameplay in supported titles.
Oh, I can't believe that's
real. HDR support. Okay, that's really
cool. The LCD screen is more vivid and
supports HDR, providing contrast between
light and dark areas of the images. I
can't believe they're doing 120. That's
amazing.
The allnew Joycon 2 controllers connect
magnetically. Strong magnets keep the
controllers firmly attached to the
system. And how do you take it apart?
Your controller easily by pressing the
release button on the back. Okay,
nice. That's a huge improvement. Bigger
SL and bigger SR buttons. SL and SR
buttons are bigger for greater comfort.
So they got to show mouse mode soon,
right? Joycon 2 held horizontally.
Oh, I guess I never noticed that the
left and right sticks are now larger cuz
these are these are honestly pretty
small, the control sticks. So that's
cool. Mouse controls. Each controller
can be used as a mouse. There it is.
Games. Both the left and right Joycon
support mouse controls.
Mario, we thank you so much for that. By
adjusting the audio balance between the
ranges, sounds from the built-in
speakers are clearer and more natural in
handheld and tabletop modes. Built-in
mic for easy voice chatting. Yep. It has
a built-in microphone so you can voice
chat with friends anytime via game chat.
It also uses noise cancelling technology
to filter sounds so your voice will come
through clearly. Oh my god. 3D audio.
3D. Whoa. Even if you don't have a
surround sound system, games can be
enjoyed with more immersive
threedimensional sound. Coming from all
around you. Okay. So, surround sound.
That That's kind of cool.
What sounds like a Okay. I thought
they're about to play Zelda out of
nowhere. Oh, character screen however
you like with a large sturdy stand.
Dude, the character select screen was
tiny. That means you grow it like this.
Dude, my prediction video was it was
actually pretty accurate. I'm not going
to lie. In addition to the USBC port
found on the bottom of the system,
there's one on top as
well. It's handy. How am I feeling about
this? I am so excited. I am beyond
excited. or charging in tabletop mode,
of
course. Oh, this stage looks Oh, that's
the 25m stage. How much storage?
Nintendo Switch 2 comes with 256 GB of
internal storage. Sounds about right.
Times that of Nintendo Switch for
storing your game downloads, save data,
and more. Sounds about right. Yep.
Reading and writing data is also faster.
4K support, baby. We are here. Nintendo
Switch to doc to connect to your TV and
enable up to 4K resolution for
compatible games. Still only two USBs,
though. Also supported in TV mode.
Wow, look at that. Actual 4K Nintendo
games. That is incredible. The Nintendo
Switch 2 dock has a built-in fan that
keeps your system cool. This helps keep
performance stable. Yeah, the Ethernet
port. Yep, that's back, too. I wonder if
they're going to show us any of the
eShop stuff.
On Nintendo Switch 2, you can play
Nintendo Switch 2 games as well as
compatible Nintendo Switch games.
Physical and digital games are
supported. And digital. Yep. Yep. That's
awesome.
And then there's the new Joy-Con grip.
Oh my god. Okay, that's pretty much
everything we wanted. Nintendo Switch 2
isn't simply an improved Nintendo
Switch. We redesigned the system from
the ground up and packed in lots of new
gameplay
features. And to help players better
understand the Switch 2 hardware, we're
currently developing this game.
This Hello.
My current location is actually inside
the game itself. Oh my god. Is this the
play test game? Nintendo Switch 2
Welcome Tour. Exclusive to Nintendo
Switch 2. Okay. What the hell is this?
This reminds me of like the Astrobot
demo from PS5. Everyone, join me inside
the game.
What the I want to play this. Whatever
this is, I want to play it. Iconic here.
Let's examine them.
Where are the This reminds me so much of
the Astrobot demo.
The Joycon 2 controllers attached to the
playroom. Yes, that's right. Yep. And
those magnets are inside the system.
Okay.
The SL and SR buttons on the Joycon 2
are made of metal.
Oh, so that's how they attach to the
system. Okay.
I cannot wait to get my hands on these
so they won't easily detach.
Okay. Yep. Through examining signs like
these, you can discover all sorts of
secrets about Nintendo Switch 2. Another
example, we need to do a speedrun of
this game on launch day. And when
combined with the gyroscopes, you can
even do something like this.
You can adjust the position of the golf
club. And this is our mouse control game
from Nintendo. This is it. Welcome tour.
By combining the mouse controls and
gyros. kind of like a uh clubhouse game
a little bit. There are secrets to
discover. It's kind of like we play.
This reminds me of we play.
Some of the secrets range from the
unique features of the system to tiny
details you might not.
There are plenty. There are plenty.
Nintendo Switch 2 Welcome Tour will
launch as a paid digital game on the
same day as Nintendo Switch. So, please
check it out. Well, that's a cute little
game. I'm definitely going to have to
play that. We'll we'll do a video on
that. I'd like to share some more
information regarding Nintendo Switch 2.
Mhm. This is the game card for Nintendo
Switch 2 titles. Okay.
It's the same shape as Nintendo Switch
game cards. It's now red and it has much
faster data reading speeds. Huh. Okay.
Next up, and cards. Of course, Switch 2
will only work with micro SD Express
cards.
They're a different type of SD card and
will make high-speed data transfers
possible. Okay, that's awesome. That's
really, really awesome. Please note that
regular micro SD cards used for Nintendo
Switch will not be compatible. Damn.
Rest in peace to my 1 TB card.
Additionally, to transfer data from
Switch to Switch 2, you can log into
your Nintendo account to use the system
transfer feature. Yep. With this
feature, you can transfer save data,
digital games, and more. Yeah, there it
is. Also releasing a new It looks the
same. It looks exactly the same. It
doesn't break which launches game chat.
And on the back, there are new GL and GR
buttons which you can use to assign
existing button controls. Okay, that's
cool. They're doing button mapping. In
addition, an audio jack has been added.
Okay, we've introduced a few new
features and after today's presentation,
the official Nintendo Switch 2 website
will go live. There will also be ask the
developer article on the website where
the three of us will talk about the
development of Nintendo Switch 2. We
hope you'll check it out as well.
And now, Nintendo Switch 2 launch date.
The launch date. When is it? What is it?
Nintendo Switch 2 launches on June 5th.
June 5th, baby. June 5th. We're very
much looking forward to the day when you
all get to experience it. So, please
wait just a bit longer. All right.
Be a crazy summer, guys. It's going to
be a crazy summer.
Broadly
speaking, on Nintendo Switch 2, you can
play three types of games. Okay. The
first type is Nintendo Switch 2 games.
God, I I can't. Games take advantage of
the performance and features of Switch
2. Okay.
The second type is compatible games that
were released on Nintendo Switch, of
course. And the Switch 2 edition.
Nintendo Switch.
games are the third type. And how does
this work? Some games that were released
on Switch will receive upgraded versions
that offer things like improved visuals,
unique ways to play on Switch 2, and
more.
Jambbury show you the Nintendo Switch 2
of Super Mario Party Jam. What is that?
What does that mean? Please take a look.
Oh my god. I This This direct is This is
unreal. This is actually unreal.
Super Mario Party Jamberee is getting an
upgrade on Nintendo Switch. What the
hell is this? The upgrade expands on the
base game and adds new features. More
courses.
Yo, mouse control. Okay. Okay. Of
course.
What? Mic mini games are back.
Mic,
bro. can be accessed on 2. This is
crazy. Let's check out three new and
updated modes. Okay, first up is Mario
Party mode. With a single camera, up to
four players can join the festivities.
You'll be able to see how much you play,
so you can experience
all emotions in real time.
All right.
Now, what the hell is this? Bowser
live on stage.
Okay, this this reminds me of like
connect a little bit. This is very
silly.
Okay, finally. This reminds me of
Connect a lot. Carnival Coaster.
Carnival Coastered and secured.
You're off. Oh, it's the Mario Bros.
Wonderflower. Use mouse controls to
shoot down enemies while you feel the
bumps and rumbles of the coaster.
They're going in on the mouse control.
When you enter a pipe, a miniame will
begin. There's a bouldering game where
two players each control an arm. Oh,
this looks like I don't remember this
mini game. Spray paint and quickly tag
objects. I think they're adding new mini
games. Enjoy the thrill of these
intuitive mini games. Okay.
[Music]
Wow, this is really interesting. I
wasn't expecting this much extra stuff.
It's getting bigger. So, how much is it?
Mario Party Jamberee Nintendo Switch
Edition Jamberee TV launches on Nintendo
Switch July 24th. All right, we'll have
something due in July. Nintendo Switch 2
players already own Super Mario Party
Jamberee upgrade to Nintendo Switch 2
Edition plus Jamberee TV by purchasing
an upgrade pack. How much? They didn't
say how much. Okay. Please look forward
to a new Mario Party experience. It's
got to be like 10 bucks or something.
Reactions while playing. Yeah, no new
boards. Presenting some more Nintendo
Switch 2 edition games. Oh my gosh. Of
course, this is no surprise. Breath of
the
Wild and oh both of them two editions of
The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild
and The Legend of Zelda Tears of the
Kingdom feature enhanced resolution and
frame rates. Look at that. Hey, of
course they're showing this
area more vibrant. That's so funny. So
you can play with smoother, higher
definition. The one part of the game
that chugged in the original
Zelda notes. You can get even more out
of your adventures in Hyrule. Bro, are
we doing DS Zelda? Is this going to be
like um This new feature can be accessed
via the Nintendo Switch app on smart
devices. They're still using that.
Specific service that's exclusive to the
Switch 2 editions of these titles. Okay.
For example, can you like write notes?
Guide you to various locations like
shrines and Cororox you haven't found
yet. Guidance activating.
Weird. Proceed north.
Yeah, Cororo Forest is tolerable now.
Or you can share your creations using QR
codes. I can't believe they're doing
both games to create in their
[Music]
game. Okay.
We hope these features will make your
adventures even more enjoyable. Huh. I'm
going to have to try that out. It's not
anything too crazy. Oh my god. Plus star
more levels in the forgotten land.
You'll be able to enjoy additional story
exclusive to the Nintendo Switch
2 and frame rates.
This is
crazy. I can't believe they're updating
this game in the Forgotten Land after
being struck by a powerful meteor. This
is so cool. Changes.
Oh, new abilities. Hope you're looking
forward to Kirby's new adventure. I sure
am. I'm excited for this. I'm I'm very
excited for this. Metroid Prime 4 will
have both Switch and a Nintendo Switch.
My god, it looks so much better. And it
already looked good on Switch
One. Holy crap. Mouse.
There it is. Mouse controls for
intuitive gameplay on Switch. This is
incredible.
This This is like the best direct ever.
in 4K
60 or enjoy smoother action in full.
There's a 120 fps mode. That is [ __ ]
crazy. These two modes, both of which
support HDR based on your preference.
This is unreal. This is the mo This is
the craziest direct ever. Plus, this not
even out yet. Legends ZAL to launch
later this year. This looks like a
thousand times better. Nintendo Switch
version, but a Nintendo Switch 2 edition
as well. This looks a thousand times
better than what we saw. The power of
Switch 2. You can enjoy Oh, a new I
think it's a new city with enhanced
resolution and frame rates. This is
crazy, dude. They're doing so many of
these. The Nintendo Switch 2 edition
games you just saw throughout the year
as both physical and digital versions.
Physicals of these. Wow. Okay, that's
actually surprising. And if you already
own the Nintendo Switch version,
purchasing an upgrade pack, you can play
the Nintendo Switch. Oh, it's not a new
one. Okay. I don't I don't know a lot of
the megas. We hope you're looking
forward to these Nintendo Switch 2
Edition games. But how much are they?
Like 10 bucks or something? Next, I'd
like to introduce a brand new game
featuring mouse controls with the
Joy-Con 2 controllers. Okay,
please take a look. And what is it?
Why is it so delayed?
Three, four, switch. Let's go. Come
on, Warriorware.
Oh, this looks like Labo. Labo
2. What the hell is this? This looks
awesome. Rocket. This is like Rocket
League. Nintendo's Rocket
League. Grat. Wait, hold. I can't even
read that. Dod. I literally can't even
read
that. [ __ ] simulator. That's
funny. Okay, this actually looks really
cool. I'm not going to
lie. This actually looks
sick. It's going to be so weird. How do
you play this? Like you you like have to
play this game at a table or something.
You can't just play this on your couch.
This is just not going to work on your
couch. It's just not.
Wow, so another new IP. That's I guess
technically two,
right? 2P. Okay, so we got two-player
mode. Man, this this is such a Nintendo
game,
guys. Honestly, I'm I'm glad we're
seeing more just ideas, new more
interesting ideas.
In Dragon Drive, you'll use both
controllers as mice to intuitively pull
off various moves. I mean, it looks very
on threeon-ree matches using dual mouse
controls. It's an interesting idea.
Next, here are some games from our
publishing and development partners
coming to Nintendo Switch 2. Okay, here
we go. Phil Spencer,
I have long Oh my god,
dude. Look at it. This world is in dire.
Instead of arms, it's legs. There it is.
Elden Ring. Yep.
It looks nice. It looks really damn
good. I mean, there's 4K support, so of
course it looks this good.
God, it's weird. It's so weird to see uh
Nintendo Direct with games that look
this crisp. It's so weird. But I love
it. I have no doubt you will become
Elder Lord. I wonder when this comes
out. Wow, this could be like a launch
game. Take the throne. 2020 tarnished
edition 2025. That's awesome.
Hey, I'm Greg from Super Giant Games
here to say that Hades.
Hell yeah. That's a good one. Introduces
the princess of the dead. That's a good
one. Witch out to vanquish the sinister.
We got to see Halo though. I'm I'm
telling you, it's going to happen. The
ends of the earth. Maybe a Resident
Evil. We could actually see uh like RE 2
remake, R4 remake, one of those.
It's the kind of game you can quickly
pick up and play whether you're
experienced with the original or not.
Look for more. Man, what a direct. This
direct has been amazing.
Oh, Tekken or no, no, not Tech. Street
Fighter 6.
Okay, that's really cool, too.
dude, they're bringing the big guns. At
least for the next few years, we're
getting modern games on the Switch 2
like we did with Switch
One. What? Street Fighter
amiibo. Okay, I guess I got to get
those. Might as well. Initiating arsenal
boot sequence. Weapon safety mechanism
confirmed. All operating at normal
levels. Okay, I don't know what this is.
Data link with spine normal. I probably
should Oh, wait a minute.
This looks familiar, but I'm not
completely sure what it is. Freedom was
restricted. We will finally be liberated
from Anyone in chat know what this one
is? I'm in need of a new arsenal. New
equipment. Arsenal. I'm for sale and
you're buying. Yeah, maybe. It kind of
looks like astral chain a little bit. It
could be a new a new astral chain.
That'd be cool.
This planet will be Yeah, Damon X
Mockin. I was thinking that, too. But
I'd be surprised to see another one of
those. Completed a weapon that was
created to destroy all humanity. No,
because we're in the middle of a war.
Yeah, it looks a lot like Damon X
Machina. I won't just stop you, except
it looks a lot nicer. It is. They're
doing another one. Titanic Zion lives,
don't they? Okay. And that's a September
drop. All right. Hey, this is Joseph
from Haze Light, of course. split
fiction. No surprise with that one
either.
The game is a story about friendship.
You play as Mario. Hold on. Let's not
let's not say Mario ain't happening.
There's still 30 minutes of this direct
left. Okay. There's a lot of time for
them to show off more. It's up to you
and a friend to help them break free.
There's still a lot of time left. Let me
tell you this. If you like it takes two,
thank you for the This has been an
incredible direct. This is like
genuinely I think the best direct I've
ever watched.
This is
amazing. There we go. EA bringing fans
together. No, not Madden. Uh,
we're excited to announce the EA Sports
FC will be coming to Nintendo Switch.
All right. Madden NFL will also be
arriving on the Nintendo platform. Not a
surprise at all. It's in the game. It's
in the game. E from Software.
What? Okay. Okay. Honestly, I didn't
even think about this one. Hogwarts
Legacy graphics and seamless world
transitions. That's really sick. You'll
be immersed in the wizarding world like
never before. I honestly completely
forgot this game existed. Mouse controls
on Switch 2 give you even more ways to
experience the adventure. Now he sees
his mouse controls.
Discover the enhanced magic when
Hogwarts Legacy launches on the same day
as Switch 2. Dude, I can't wait to try
out the mouse controls. See how they
feel.
Yo, yes. Tony Hawk Pro 3 and four. They
got to bring back No, they have one and
two. One and two is already on the
Switch.
Okay, that's a really cool
one. Is this the best direct of all
time? So far, honestly, this is one of
the best ones ever. If they actually
drop 3D Mario, for me, this is the best
direct of all
time. Like, crazy good third parties,
really cool looking first parties. It's
paced so well. Everything about the
Switch 2 is exactly what we wanted. All
the updates. There's a Spongebob level.
Okay. Okay.
Hello, this is Christian Eladam from IO
Interactive. We are bringing our
flagship title. Oh, Hitman World
Assassination. This is another IP I kind
of just forgot about. Now, is this like
a a brand new Hitman or is this a port?
Cuz I'm not very familiar with this
franchise.
And how each mission progresses.
Hitman's cool. Dude, we got to see Halo,
right? They got to drop that on here
somewhere. Our everexpanding game will
release on the same day as Switch
2. Plus, we are excited to bring another
familiar agent to the platform. Oh, lag.
What is with all of this audio
lag? What is
this golden eye? A new golden eye.
[Music]
Please don't get
claimed. Project 007 James Bond. That is
awesome. Is coming to Nintendo Switch 2,
so stay tuned. Nice.
Final Fantasy. The story of light and
shadow that never fades is reborn.
Remake. It's not Final Fantasy remake.
It's another one. Bravely Default
returns. Remastered in
Wow. Oh, Bravely Default remastered.
That That's really surprising, too.
Battles change and customize jobs to
build out your very own. It's nice. I
see Nintendo actively competing against
companies. This might make people
generally pick up a Switch. Yeah, dude.
These these ports look pretty much the
same as they do on like PS5 and uh
Series X. Square Annex presents the
classic fantasy RPG.
Okay, that's that's actually HD
remaster. Flying fairy foot as a warrior
of light. Okay, that that's cool. That's
that's a pretty nice one to bring
back. Yakuza or Yakuza Yakuza Yakuza
Zero,
dude, the third parties are popping off.
Oh my
god, so much great third party stuff.
We'll have more games to show from our
publishing and development partners.
Okay. But for now, we'd like to show a
game being developed in collaboration
with Nintendo. In collaboration? What is
this?
Koe Techmo. Oh my god.
When the Zonai who descended from the
heavens Oh, this sounds like joined
hands with the Hilians who dwelled on
the surface. I want to say it sounds
like Zelda from Breath of the Wild, but
it's not. Prosperous kingdom. It wait,
it is Zelda. Oh my god, Ganondorf. A
terrible evil arose. What is this? A new
one? There's no way this is a new one. A
war was fought to vanquish this evil.
You got to be kidding me. You've got to
be kidding me. They're they're showing
it right now. Another new Zelda.
And it's it's taking place in the same
kingdom or in the same area. Wait, you
play as Zelda? You play as Zelda.
So that's Hyrule Castle. The story
leading into Zelda: Tears of the
Kingdom. That must mean this really is
the past. Oh my god. I can't believe
they're doing
a Oh my Oh, wait. Hold on. Hold on.
[Music]
No. This is a Hyrule Warriors. It's
Hyrule Warriors Age of Calamity 2 or
whatever. That's what this is. Okay. I
was like, there's no way they're showing
a 3D Zelda like a new
one. Okay. Yeah, this is actually not
that surprising.
[Music]
Age of So, Age of Calamity 2. That game,
the
original, Pyro Warriors, Age of
Imprisonment.
Okay. I got to say Age of Calamity. That
needs a switch to edition. And this
Okay, coming this winter. All right. A
winter game.
That was Hyrule Warriors Age of So, no
Ocarina of Time remake. I think that's
our Zelda this year. Developed by Cochmo
games with support from Nintendo.
It might take place in an alternate
timeline of the imprisoning war
which took place in Hyrule long ago.
Okay, it just looks the same as Age of
Calamity to me. I'm not going to lie.
About Nintendo Switch Online. Oh boy.
Gamecube. Continue to enjoy Nintendo
Switch Online on Switch 2. Gamecube. Are
we actually going to see GameCube?
Nintendo Switch Online Plus expansion
pack. You can enjoy a new membership
benefit exclusively on Switch 2. No way.
If they show melee, I'm going to freak
out, dude.
Oh my
god, they're actually doing GameCube.
They're actually doing it. Holy [ __ ]
Nintendo Switch Online Plus expansion
pack will be getting a new classic game.
Oh my god, they're actually doing it.
Nintendo Gamecube, originally released
in 2001. Holy crap. Here are the titles
that will be available at launch. Oh,
Legend of Zelda game.
This is crazy. The wind using a
mysterious baton. Link. Show me. Melee.
Melee. Melee. Melee. Melee. Melee.
Zelda. The wind.
Yo, that's sick. That's the person with
Link in it. Okay, that's actually a
really fun game. I've played that one uh
physically. In this 3D weapons fight,
bro. There's no way they're not going to
have melees. They have to. The Legend of
Zelda series enters the fray. That's
such a cool game to bring to this. F0.
There it is. There it is, dude. That's
the F-Zero we're getting on Switch 2.
We're looking at it right now.
Online for it, too.
I want to see Double Dash. Get ready to
experience GX. Oh my god, dude.
that support multiplayer up to four can
play together locally or online. This is
so Is that it?
There has to be more than that with
clearer image quality and higher
resolution than the original releases.
You have to have me. There's no ways for
each title and customize them to your
liking. Finally, they're doing that.
More titles. Sunshine, Path, Radiance,
XD, Striker, ChibiRobo, Luigi's Mansion.
Okay, we're getting Mansion. That's
cool. Coliseum. Where's Melee? Nintendo
Gamecube Nintendo Classics. What the
exclusive game
library expansion pack launches the same
Mario? I don't understand this. Like,
this is awesome, but you're not going to
have Smash Bros. Controller designed
after the original. This just doesn't
make any sense. Will also be released.
It can connect wirelessly and also has a
C button to quickly access. I like that
little tiny ZL button. The Nintendo
Gamecube controller exclusively
available for Nintendo
Switch will also be available the same
day. They got some good stuff. Where the
heck is Melee in Mario Kart? Whether
you're familiar with the games or
haven't played. I'm so confused. We hope
you're looking forward to Yeah, it's not
Melee. That's Nintendo Classics. I mean,
again, this is great, but what? You can
continue to play select games from the
system shown here on Nintendo Switch 2.
Okay, let's see some more games from our
publishing and developers. Like, I know.
Yeah, they don't have Smash 64, but like
Melee is literally a like the biggest
GameCube
game. That's just I don't know, man.
That's just so weird. Hold on. Delta
Rune. Oh my god. They're actually
showing Delta
Rune. Oh my. Our first look at Delta
Rune.
This is incredible. I can't believe it.
They're showing it in the Nintendo
Direct. This This is the best Nintendo
Direct. It It just
[Music]
is. I got to replay chapter one and two.
I played it so long ago, I don't even
remember what it was or what it was
like. Yo, Guitar Hero
[Music]
mode. Oh my god.
is waiting. Where is is it? Does it
launch June 5th?
Y. There's so much to play that day. Hi,
I'm Randy from Gearbox. Borderlands. Of
course, that's that's not that
surprising. The new Borderlands game
will launch on Nintendo Switch 2.
Borderlands. Yeah, Delta Rune. No longer
tomorrow. Loot and shoot your way
through a world filled with wild
enemies, weapons.
We're still in development and it's
already the most ambitious Borderlands
game we've ever made. Borderlands 4 will
launch in 2025. Oh my god. Sharing a lot
of the game in the months ahead. And
there's more from 2K on the way. Dude,
what is with the audio lag? I'm Dennis
from I don't know why it's doing that
chat. We're releasing a Nintendo Switch.
Civilization, of course. Mouse. No
surprise there either. You'll establish
an empire and guide. All this is cool,
but it's still not me. You're so right,
Theo.
still really surprising they didn't not
even like Mario Kart Double Dash. Like
they're going to do it. I'm just
surprised they didn't start with it.
Switch.
And if you already own the Nintendo
Switch version, you can experience mouse
controls on Switch 2 by purchasing the
upgrade. I don't know. You know what,
chat? We might actually see Silkong. We
have even more news from 2K. We might
see if they show Delta, we might see
Silkong today. I'm L Jinx and I'm Ben
Bishop. Our final announcement for today
is that WWE 2K is coming to Nintendo
Switch. All right, I am going to refresh
NBA 2K as well. All right, we'll see if
that fixes the lag and on the court. All
right,
four kids by this old man. Off they went
armed with I don't know if it fixed it
or not, but enthusiasm and a profound
lack of preparation.
Terrible at steering around. What the
heck is this?
Okay, this looks like some sort of Oh,
what? What's going on? Tastes amazing,
doesn't it?
My game is What? This is frozen.
Survival thing. Next stop, the top. Uh,
what? Hello. It's everything. Let's set
sail.
What? It's It's frozen for them, too.
What is happening?
Hi, I'm Dave Krooks from Dodge Roll.
What's happening?
Oh my god. Oh no. I feel so bad for
Nintendo. What's happening?
It's frozen for everyone for the dungeon
steps in our rogike shooter sequence.
Oh, poor N. This is the worst time for
this to happen. I think this is a
YouTube problem. I don't think this is
on them. Man favorite element. We're
still working on the game. We're excited
to share more with you in the future.
Yeah, it's on YouTube. This is the worst
time for this to happen. Yeah, maybe
it's too many viewers. I mean, there's
over there's 1.1 million people. Okay,
there we go. It fixed itself. Okay,
wait. No, it's like lagging behind
now, man. Dude, I I feel so bad for
YouTube right now. or not YouTube. I
just sub for
Nintendo. All right, I'm gonna try to
refresh. Nintendo UK works. All
right. Let's go there.
We are delighted to bring Cyberpunk.
There it is, dude. Nintendo. We're back.
Cyberpunk 2077. That is awesome. Action
adventure RPG set in Night City. Thanks
to Nintendo Switch. Okay, you can
transport yourself to the city of
dreams. Yeah, I think it's it's just too
many people at once. That's got to be
what it is. So, I'm very glad they're
streaming it somewhere else. Thank god.
Um I don't I don't know what we missed.
I think we only missed like one game,
but here we are at Cyberpunk.
There it is. Final Fantasy 7 remake.
Final Fantasy. Hell yeah.
Well, the frame rate's a little rough,
but I mean, it looks
nice. Yeah, it's a Well, does it run at
60 on PS5? I think it does. I'm not sure
though. Either way, it looks looks
good. There we go.
10 minutes left. 10 minutes for them to
show 3D Mario. Honestly, they maybe they
won't, but I feel like that that'd be a
good way to end the direct, right? Oh my
god, Silkong 2025. Still no release
date. But look at that. It actually
showed
up. Of course, got to have a farming
sim. Wouldn't be a director without a
farming sim.
[Music]
Two-point museum wildarts. Okay, I don't
really know what any of this is, but
it's just the sizzle reel. I'm kind of
surprised they even have a sizzle reel
for a direct like this.
Witchbrook. Yo, I got to buy Tetris
again. Hell
yes. Pooy Pooyo Tetris 2s. I'm
definitely playing
that. Star Wars Outlaws. Oh, that's
cool. Okay.
That's
sick. No ambition. It is so cool to see
Civ 7 as well. I know I barely even
mentioned it, but like Civ 7 with mouse
controls. That is
incredible. Fast fusion. And this is all
stuff we saw last week. Guess they're
just like reshowing it. This is like
literally everything we saw last week.
literally. Well, not that. That's new, I
think. Fortnite. I had a feeling we'd
see Fortnite very briefly. I I got to
say, I'm surprised we didn't see Halo. I
really thought we'd see Halo today. I
mean, it could still happen, but I don't
know. Oh, wow. More of the Professor
Leighton
game. Of course, the weird Tamagotchi
looking
game. Human Fall Flat, too.
Nintendo Switch 2 has games. They have
games. USA Director is fixed. Well, this
is the same thing. We'll just stay
here. The last game. If it's not 3D
Mario, then I don't
know. I don't think it's 3D Mario. We're
not We're actually not getting one
today. All right. It's just Mario
Kart. But what is
this? This is Luigi's Mansion 4. I bet
I give you
my blood. Is this something new?
Just going to yank him.
My life.
Oh, last partner game. I misheard him.
Yeah.
And transport
him to a night of
moonlight to humanity's very dusk.
H very
ominous. Okay.
[Music]
Oh, is it a Dark
Souls? Oh my god.
Maybe it's Yeah, it's not Luigi. I I
really thought it was Mansion
4. Uh, this kind of looks like
Castlevania to me. I'm not going to
lie. A Castlevania from software or from
from software would be really
interesting to see.
Yeah, Bloodborne. I don't know. I I
can't tell. I've only played the first
Dark Souls, so I don't really know what
the other ones look
like, but it doesn't really I don't
know. It doesn't really look like a Dark
Souls to me. This looks different. It
might just be like a exclusive IP or
like an exclusive game.
Okay. So, I don't I don't think it's
Dark
Souls. Oh
my. That won't give me nightmares.
Close your eyes and contemplate the
moon. Okay. I was closed soon to depart.
I pray that you are able. Oh, you're
right. This is Minecraft 2. 100%
Minecraft 2.
Oh. Oh. Oh. What? You turn into a
dinosaur. What the hell?
This this kind of reminds me of like um
Sicero almost. Tears will flow from one
and one alone.
The disc bloods or dusk bloods. The dusk
bloods. Okay. So, some sort of I guess
it's a new game, I suppose.
And this is where Luigi comes up and he
sucks he sucks up the the
rat next year.
Okay, there's still five minutes left,
chat. Still five
minutes. Brand new
game. That's cool. Okay.
You can now play after you beat the
game, you play as Luigi for the Switch 2
edition version
only. Okay, now I think it's the last
game.
Okay, I'm I'm sure they are. I'm sure
they're working on lots of video games.
There's still
time. If it ain't 3D Mario, I have no It
could be Smash. It could be
anything.
Kirby. What? Kirby. This is this a new
Kirby
game or is it a Is it Smash? I I don't
know. I don't know. It's a new Kir Okay,
Kirby. Wait, is it Kirby Air Ride
2? There's no way it's another Kirby Air
Ride. This looks like a Sakurai trailer.
I think Sakurai is working on this.
Whatever the hell this
is. Wait, is he playable in Mario Kart?
Is that what this is in Mario Kart
World?
What? I This is This I think this might
be air right
2. This looks like a Sakurai trailer,
dude. Oh my. It's a It's an open world
Kirby
game. Oh my god. It's an open world
Kirby game. Wait, no it's not. It's
actually Air Ride 2. It's Air Ride 2. I
just spit all over my mic. That was
gross. They're actually doing another
air ride
game. Okay, I that is the last thing I
expected to see. I'm not going to lie.
Kirby Air
Riders. Wow. Masahiro Sakurai. He's
making another Kirby game after like 20
years. He's actually doing another Kirby
game. Wow. Okay, that's cool. It's not a
3D Mario, but that's really cool.
Another Sakurai game.
Kirby Air
Riders. Okay. Oh my god. Another last
one. Here we
go. This is our last chance, I think,
officially. Oh, this could be
it. This could be
it. Wait, Donkey Kong. Is this a 3D
Donkey Kong? Oh my god. I saw bananas.
This looks like a 3D Donkey
Kong. I think it's a 3D Donkey
Kong. Oh my god. Oh my god. There's no
way it isn't. I mean, it could be Mario,
too, but I don't know. It's Donkey Kong.
He's smashing
through, bro. A 3D
DK with his new design. Oh my. It's the
movie design.
No way. I can't believe this is real.
Okay, this is honestly just as hype as
3D Mario. This is
sick. Oh my god. This is going to be
Look at
this. This is going to be
amazing. Oh my god, dude. This is Look
at this. This looks so fluid.
Bro, this is
hype. So, we [ __ ] we might not even get
3D Mario till like next year. This is
pretty much the same thing, though,
right? We're just It's just
DK. And it looks like it's completely
open world, too. This is so cool. Oh,
that's sick. They're remaking a DKC
level. Of course,
minecarts. Okay.
Dude, this is wild. I love the art. Oh
my god, this is like such a visually
striking
game. Oh, hell, dude. This It's the year
of DK, dude.
[Music]
Finally, a three. Who's making it? Who's
making the 3DK? This got to be Nintendo
making it, right? Donkey Kong
Bonanza. This is probably like
September,
October. All right, it's July. Wow, July
17th. That looks awesome.
Oh my god. I have to say I'm surprised
this year is I don't think this year has
3D Mario. I think they're saving it for
next
year. I think this is our 3D uh 3D
platformer this year.
And I'm not I This is honestly to me
this is way more exciting than a 2D DK.
Like infinitely more exciting.
Thank you for watching so
far. Wow.
I'm going to do a video on all of this
later today. By
boy. Of course. Oh, just a digital
version. That's kind of
lame. There's not even like different um
like colors or
anything, dude. Oh my. This This was the
best direct ever. I'm not going to lie.
This was the best
one. Yeah. All we need to know is price.
What's the
price? Yeah. What's the We still don't
know what the price
is. Wow. They just never said what the
price is. All right. We're going to
check their website right now because I
want to see what it
is. All right. I think that's it.
Okay. Yeah, let's go to
nintendo.com. Uh I think I think there
is nothing else. All
right. Uh there we
go. Okay, switch
to We still don't know what the prices,
dude. Okay, guys, that was amazing. I'm
gonna end the stream in a couple minutes
because I'm going to work on a video
talking about all of this stuff in more
detail. I'm going to go into way more
detail about the the Mario Kart, too.
So, yeah, I will have a a nice uh long
video on that later today. But let's I
just want to try to find where the price
is. They they've got to have that,
right?
Um immediately refresh. Maybe it's just
not here yet.
What's Has it been announced anywhere
else? Does anyone
know the title track? Yeah, I know
that.
Okay. Oh, here we go. Switch
two. This is just the same. Okay. I
don't know. I'm gonna, like I said,
guys, I'm going to have a video probably
in like 3 to four hours. All right. I
need to work on that right now. Thank
you all so much for watching. Thank you
for all the memberships um and all and
all the donos and stuff. It really
really helps a lot. So, thank you so
much. Um guys, I will be back with a
video today, okay? And I will be playing
Switch 2 this Sunday in New York City.
So, lots of videos are coming this
month. All right? I'll see you guys
soon.