Hello fellow engineers and welcome to
Drop Duchy. Believe me when I say this
it's one of the most unique games I've
ever seen. It's sort of like a city
builder using Tetris pieces. But there's
also like strategic combat and all
sorts. And I just like as you like hover
over the stuff like things happen. Look
at this little progression tree. It
grows as you hover over it. And like
this book flaps open. Details. I love
details. Anyway, this video is sponsored
by the devs. So if you want to check it
out yourself, be sure to boost a link in
my description. It's available now. Uh,
but let's start a new run so I can show
you exactly how it all works. So,
there's three different factions, but
you need to unlock them all first. We're
going to play as the duche. We start off
with a farm and a watchtowwer. And
there's also these like challenge things
that give you extra bonuses at the end.
Anyway, we start off looking at the
first level. So, there's no enemies
here. We just focus purely on resources.
So, nice little way to get us into it.
So, let's head into here. And so,
basically, this place sort of like
Tetris. So, we can like flip this
around. You can see it's got trees on
it. And basically, you just got to like
create a map along the bottom. Now, this
isn't the best one to start with. It's
going to have a gap down the bottom.
Thankfully, though, if we take like this
piece, we can sort of rotate and then as
we bring it down, we can do a cheeky
little move to the left. Let it lock in
like that. And the idea to start with is
trying to get like as many rows complete
as you can, like pretty much like
Tetris. So, let's just go there with you
and go there with you. Shove you there.
Plop you down that way. Um, you're not
the best fit anyway. I mean, I guess
there could do. And then make you go in
that corner like that. Now, this is a
watchtowwer. And this is basically how
we grow our armies. So, we're going to
need to do that because we are going to
be attacked throughout the throughout
the levels. And as you can see here, you
recruit one archer for each plane it's
next to and three for each field that's
in range. Now, we don't have any fields
at the moment. We do have a load of
planes. Um, so ideally up here would be
best. However, I am just thinking about
the Tetris. And if I shove you there
instead Oh, yeah. You're still in range
at the bottom. So, you've now got like
one one little arch piece next to it.
But yeah, now we can do this. And when
that goes in, every single row, we
collect the resources, which go into the
bottom right, and we can spend them
later on upgrading our card pieces,
making them better. But right, for now,
let's pop you over there. Let's shove
you up there because remember we want to
try and get like the planes down to this
watch tower. Now, this isn't the best
shape because we may lose out on
squeezing something under there.
Although, actually, maybe we won't. If
we're clever here, we send you down.
You're in range. So, you now have three
archers. I'm going to put this into the
reserve, which goes over there. And then
this guy is a farm. This will turn
planes into fields. And remember with
the watchtower, we gain three archers
per field in range rather than just one.
So if we bring this down and slot it
under there, then as that locks in, they
turn into fields, which makes this more
powerful. Nice. Right, let's swap back
to you and then just shove you in there.
This probably wants to go over there,
maybe on top. I don't really know. I
can't decide. And I don't have unlimited
time cuz this will start falling on its
own. What if I swap to you? I could get
you in. get you in there. No, I think
that's no good. Okay, I'm going to shove
you there and you can just go up there
and then you can slot down there. So, at
least we get two rows completed. A
little bit more resource, but that's the
end. So, this is all the resource we
collected that round. Not bad. We then
get to select a card that we can take
onto the next round. Now, these are
generally split up into production cards
that produce like resource and military
cards that allow us to grow our
military. Although, the one on the left,
hunting lodge, is military and
production. Yeah, in the top left,
that's what is required in order to
upgrade it. So, worth knowing like what
what sort of cards you have in your
hand. If you have ones that require wood
upgrading, you generally want to try and
get like your wood increased so that you
can upgrade them cuz upgrading is
definitely the way to go. I'm going to
go with this hunting lodge. And then we
get to move on to the next sort of area,
the guild, where we get to obtain a
building card. So, we can get a random
production card or a random military
card. I think I'm going to go military
for now. So, this is what we get to pick
between. Worth noting, we can look at
what we have. Um, and I know there's
three types of military. So, there's
like the archers with the arrows.
There's axemen. There's also swordsmen
as well. And each one is sort of good or
bad against like the other one. Sort of
like a rock, paper, scissors thing going
on. So, might be worth taking the
training camp because that's a sword one
just so I have one of each. So, yeah,
the training camp sends 12 to each
allied military building aligned with
it. That could be really good to hold on
to until I have a load of military
buildings together. Yeah, I'm going to
take that. Okay, so next up, I get to
decide whether I want to obtain some
bonus resource or some bonus gold. Now,
I don't have a lot of gold, but looking
at my deck, it looks like I am going to
need some food. So, I think let's go to
the food depot and then we can either
take 200 food or we can sacrifice 15 of
our health to get 400 food. Now, our
health is up here on the top right, 50
out of 50. It costs us gold to regen
health. Um, I'm going to live on the
edge. I'm going to sacrifice 15 health.
So, we have a load of food. Oh, look. We
completed a challenge. Anyway, now we
get to pick between these two. So, do we
want to go to one that has more planes
than trees or more trees than planes?
Looking at what we've got here, I mean,
we're pretty covered. Like, these two
have planes. This one is a forest one.
So, I think we're probably good whatever
we do. So, let's just go to the plane
one. And then you can see this is what
we're going to be facing. So this time
there's enemy buildings. So as we plop
these buildings down, they will make the
enemy stronger and then we're going to
have to fight them at the very end. Um,
so we we're going to want to make sure
our buildings are all in place. So at
the moment, these two aren't in place.
Let's add that one to that slot. We then
need to spend 50 food in order to get
another slot and add the training camp
as well. But then I think we're in a
pretty good place to take on this next
battle. So let's go start with you. I
think I'm going to reserve you. Keep you
in there. So this is an enemy one. So
this is worth nine enemy axemen and it
eliminates eight from each enemy group
in range. So I want to keep this away
from me basically. So if I just plop
that down in that corner and then I need
to sort of make sure I keep my guys away
from there. So let's just plop you down
there. I think this can go there. You
can go probably on top cuz we've got a
watchtowwer coming which likes being
surrounded by planes. I mean there's not
really a good spot to put it. Maybe
there. And I'm looking at the siege
camp. I want to make sure that's away
from everything. So yeah, I think I'll
just plop that on top. So this is
another siege camp. So I just got to
keep this away from me. So if I just
plop it down there, then all the all the
enemy buildings are together and I can
keep mine like over this side perhaps.
So not sure what to do with this is
really not that good. I tell you what, I
might swap back to this one. Plunk you
straight down there. Yes. And then my
watchtower can go in the middle and that
will be fully surrounded. Oh yes. And
that's going to get strong. Okay. Okay,
so that's now worth seven. Um, I can
then swap back to this guy and shove it
in there. So that makes you even
stronger. You're now worth nine. Then
swap him back to this. If I plop you on
there. No, you're not in range of this
anymore. That's a shame. This the
hunting lodge. Remember, I got to keep
it away from these guys. So, let's shove
it down there. That allows us to collect
a load of resource from the bottom two
rows. So, that's good. Uh, the forest
can go just in that gap. What is this? A
mercenary camp. Now, what I can do, I
can swap this and keep it in my reserve
just so it doesn't ever make the the
enemy stronger. Probably a sensible idea
that um I think I'll shove you there.
And then this farm, I'm going to shove
you underneath and plop you over to the
right like that. That just turns those
into fields. We then have a training
camp. So, this wants to be in range of
other military buildings, ideally my own
ones. So, maybe I can shove that in
there and then try and wait for another
one. I'm going to shove you down there.
That just turns that into a field. Going
to plop that in there. This I'll rotate
and shove there. And then nice. We can
get a big old Is that a for? Yes, we can
get a Tetris. Boo. So, you're worth 10.
We get a load of resources. Oh, so much
resource. This little bit of forest can
go over that way. It's another line
explored. This can go up there. You can
go in there. That's two more lines
explored. A load of resource. And then
we'll just flip that around. Nice. Okay.
So now we're ready to battle. However,
we are in a bit of trouble here cuz we
got to take down these two axemen which
are worth nine troops and eight troops
respectively. We're only worth 10. Now
the good news is as it says here, the
the archers are better than axemen. So
we can battle these and we should win.
However, we're then going to have to
battle these afterwards and I don't
think we're going to have enough troops.
So first battle we got four troops
remaining. Yeah, then we lose. So we
lost three health there. So you can see
up here, three health gone. Not the
best, but also not the worst as well. We
live to fight another date. So, let's
grab a new card. And do we want a
militia base, which gives us 10 archers
for each production building in range,
like the farms, etc. Or do we want a
ranger base, which gives us three
archers for every connected forest
piece? Let's go with that one. And then,
as we head up here, we've got a trading
fair. So, in here, we can trade various
resources for other resources. Now,
let's just have a look at my cards and
see what they generally want to be
upgraded with. Like, I feel like it'd be
worth getting some wood. Actually,
that's what she said. So, if I trade 250
food for 500 wood, then yeah, now we've
got 700. So, let's have a little look in
here. And yeah, we can either upgrade
the two that work well in forest areas
or the two that work well in sort of
plains and stuff. Let's just see what
our next battles are. This one has 70%
wood. That one has 50% wood. And the one
over on the right, you can see it's a
peaceful region. So, we could choose to
come here, but it does make the boss
stronger. And generally, you want to
take the boss down as early as possible.
So, I think we're going to go here.
We'll go into the wooded area. So, that
means I'm going to upgrade this ranger
base. So, basically, rather than
recruiting three archers for each
connected forest, it will recruit five.
So, that's good. And then I'm going to
upgrade this hunting lodge as well. So,
this will recruit three axemen and gain
us six food for each connected forest
piece rather than the two and three. So,
very good. So, let's head into this
hostile region. We just got to make sure
our cards are selected down here. Um,
and what I could do actually, I could
unlock another slot just so I can add
that ranger base as well. I think that's
probably the sensible thing to do rather
than to take less buildings with me. But
then we'll go into battle and let's see
how we get on. Okay, so we've got a
little forest to start with. So, let's
shove that in the corner probably. Let's
just see what this does. The training
camp. So, this just wants to be away
from all buildings. So, I think for now
we'll shove that there. We'll then shove
this probably down there. So, this wants
to be away from away from other military
stuff. So, we'll shove that down the
bottom like that. You can go in there.
And then this is our hunting lodge. So,
this gains us a load of axemen as well
as food if it's surrounded by forest.
So, yeah, let's shove that in there. So,
it's got six power. That gained us 12
extra food. All right. And then you can
go there and then we can shove a farm
probably on top or maybe in that gap cuz
then that would turn them into fields.
And then I just want to keep expanding
the forest cuz every time I add forest
to this, it will make this stronger so
we have more axemen. So you go there. I
think I'll shove you up there. And then
I'm going to hold on to that bit of
forest just to go like down this side
once we've built this a little bit
further. So we'll shove you in there.
Nice. So, this is up to 15 now. Shove
you down there. And then we have a
watchtowwer. So, this wants to be near
fields, which it isn't at the moment.
Um, could actually shove it down here. I
don't think there's any there's any
negative being next to the enemy this
time. So, if I shove you there, we
gained the resource from the bottom
line. And then we've got this one to get
through first. So, I might just swap and
then shove you down that side. That just
makes this a lot stronger. It's up to 18
now. Then this forest can go there to
make my watchtowwer down the bottom
stronger. Nice. Plus, we gain three rows
worth of exploring. And then this wants
to be near forest as well. So I think
just make this all part of the forest
over there. I mean, actually, if I put
it in there, does that join those two
forests together? Oh, I think it does.
This could be big. This could be big.
Oh, yes. 25. Nice. Right. I'm going to
shove this one. I'm going to shove that
one there cuz that makes you stronger as
well as you stronger. And then this guy,
I mean, he sort of wants to go down
there. There's no way of touching. I
tell you what, actually, if I swap and
just put you down here, I don't think
there's a negative having you there cuz
you're not next to a forest and you turn
forest into plane. But then I can shove
you on top just to surround you so that
you're not going to do any damage. I did
give the enemy 14 power though. Um, if I
just swap this around, this will send 12
military to every one it's connected to.
So I think that one will gain an extra
12. Yeah. Up to 42. So we're getting we
are getting more powerful. Bit of forest
can go in there to make you more
powerful and you down the bottom left
more powerful. And then shove this bit
of forest over that way. That will do
the same thing as before. Uh same with
this one. I could actually shove it down
there just to gain two more lines. I
think that's probably worthwhile. All
right. Then this guy can just go there.
And then if I plop you there, that's
going to gain a little bit more power
for these two. and they are some big
armies now. So, it's now fight time. I
don't think it's going to matter like
who we fight in what order. Although
axemen are strongest against the
swordsman. So, if we go from there to
there, that will merge you together. And
then if we go from there to there, yes,
we will all be all be the archers cuz
they're the highest number, but we're
going to be so big. I think we should
win this easily. So, 64 there. Merge
with you guys.
97. Boo. They did not stand a chance.
We've still got 56 troops remaining and
the battle is won. Oh, and we completed
a quest, which means we start every
future run with this faction with a wood
clearer card. Nice. That turns each
forest into a plane and gains eight
logs. Very handy. Anyway, you can see
the resources we gained because we had
all those leftover units, 56 of them. We
gained 56 quid at the end of that. And
since we're so powerful, it might be
worth perhaps adding a carpenter
building cuz that will give us more
wood. And I feel like we probably need
more resource so we can keep upgrading.
So, let's take that. All right. Then we
got these two battles to face. So,
peaceful region, but make the boss
stronger or just go for a battle. It
doesn't have much wood, though. One
other thing to worth noting as well. If
we open the progression tree, we have
three of these crowns. Now, this is how
we gain like new new cards for our deck.
Look how big this tree is. It's crazy.
But, uh, let's add a strategic pavilion.
And then when we gain one more crown, we
can add new terrain. A river. They give
us gold. Anyway, for now, we'll go into
this battle up here. And then I'm going
to have a look at getting rid of my
farm, I think, and perhaps swap with the
carpenter. Although, that may be silly
on this level that has not as much.
Yeah, it doesn't have as much wood, does
it? Okay, actually, I'll get rid of
those. Get the wood clearer and the
farm. And we'll try and go all out
watchtowwer. So, let's start with this
down there. You are the carpenter, so
you just want buildings on your road.
So, probably worth trying to make you
like a tall one cuz that's three rows it
affects rather than just one. You in
there. And then our little watchtowwer
can go in this gap here. Nice. So, that
gains a load of stuff and it helps the
carpenter out. So, that gave us a little
bit of extra wood. Now, that's the watch
tower of the enemy, I think. Just shove
that in my reserve for now cuz I don't
really know what to do with it. I'm
going to shove you in that gap just to
make my watchtowwer stronger. We have
this which we could shove like there.
And then we can put the watch tower like
on top. And then another one on top as
well. Or maybe in there just so it
doesn't get too strong. Oh, it's a lot
stronger than my one. Anyway, I'm going
to shove this down there just to make
that a bit stronger. Gain a load of
resource. I need to keep the the planes
away from these watchtowers. Oh, how am
I going to do this? I don't know how to
do this. Oh, I don't know what I'm
doing. I don't know what I'm doing. The
only good spot is up there. And that's
no good cuz it will make them really
strong. Okay, I think we're just going
to have to shove you there. That's
really annoying. This one I'm going to
swap with you and just shove you down
there. Right, we have a farm which we
can shove in there just to add some of
those tiles. This I can start
surrounding their ones. The wood clearer
perhaps down there. Although Oh, no. No,
no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, I've made
them so strong. Yeah, that's the
trouble. If you clear stuff afterwards,
it still has an effect on the
surrounding buildings. So, yeah, that is
not great. I'm going to put you there to
turn you into a field. What's this
training camp do? Send stuff to other
Oh, we're going to lo. We're going to
lose it. We're going to lose. So, I
think you want to go in there. We need
more military buildings. We don't have
any. You on top and then you down that
gap. Oh, this is not going to be a good
fight. So, yeah, we'll we'll try and
take them down. It's We're going to lose
the first battle and then they get
strong 30. Does that mean we're down to
two health? We're down to two health. Oh
no. It's okay though. We get to We get
to add some more. So, let's add another
watch tower to our deck. Then we can
choose to gain some gold or we can gain
some wood, I think. Let's gain some wood
and then we can do some serious
upgrading. So, we'll take 200 wood. Um I
might just spend all the gold I have.
Just gaining a little bit more health.
So, it costs 10 per health. We're up to
eight health now. We can then head to
the trading fair. I think I'm going to
trade some food for some more wood, I
think. So, do that. We've now got 900
wood. Ready to take on the wall, the
boss battle. Now, before we do, let's
upgrade some of this stuff. So, what I'm
thinking, ranger base, 700 wood to
upgrade, but seven archers for each
connected forest. I think that's got to
be worthwhile. Might sell my farm. I
don't think we're going to want that. So
yeah, let's do that. So we get 50 gold.
I'm then going to sell my watchtowwer as
well. Or should No, no, maybe I
shouldn't. Maybe I shouldn't. Actually,
I've got I do have two. I have two.
Yeah, I'm going to sell one. I'm going
to sell one. That's another 50 quid.
Don't think I want the wood clearer
either. So I'm going to sell that. And
then I'm just going to buy a load more
health. So up to 23 health now. And
we're ready to take on the wall. So
let's get into it and see how this goes.
So for this one, there is a wall in
play. Um, and if we if we build into
this, it's basically game over. So, we
start off with the wooden fortress. If
this is next to forests, it turns them
into planes and then recruits. So, what
I'm thinking actually, if we shove you
down in that corner, maybe shove you in
the reserve for now. Then I can surround
this in planes so that doesn't get any
stronger. Okay, that's pretty good. The
carpenter we can put upright. I think
that gains us wood for each building.
So, there's a building there. So, that
will gain us a little bit of wood. Could
help should we survive this? The forest.
I think I'll shove that there. This one
I'm going to shove like actually maybe
in there. That fits quite nicely. Then a
little bit of planes there. And then
that shoved the wall up a little bit.
So, we have a little bit more space. So,
we're all good. Uh, this one wants to be
near planes and stuff. So, I might swap
you and then put you down here. I just
got to make sure you're not near
military buildings. Maybe that's there.
Right. Okay, I have my level three
ranger base. So, this wants to be near
forest. So, I think if I shove you
there, you're touching this forest on
the left. Yes, you're now worth 14. He
gave a bit of little bit of wood to that
guy as well, which sounds wrong, but
it's actually quite handy. Um, this is
not a good piece. Oh, yeah. I'm going to
have to I have to leave a gap. I don't
want to leave a gap. Or I could block
this area up. I guess I could block that
area up. There's so many plane pieces. I
need some I need some wood, man. I mean,
unless I swap and take you out. I could
put you over there. I don't know if gaps
are better or like the plane pieces
ruining my my build is better. Let's
just shove you in there. That's a line
explored at least. This can then go
there. That's push the wall up a little
bit. That can then go there, I guess.
And then this one is the training camp.
This wants to be next to military
buildings. So, that will give 12 to you.
So, that makes you a 26, which means
we're doing all right on the battle. We
should be able to beat these two. Won't
be able to beat the wall cuz that's
worth 90 currently. Um, I might shove
you there just because I can see what's
coming next. And I should be able to
link those all together like that. So,
that makes you a lot stronger. 40. Oh,
yes. We have a watchtowwer. So, I could
put you down in that gap there cuz
you'll be surrounded by planes. However,
I think I want you to be touching the
training camp cuz that will give you an
extra 12. So, yeah, with you there, you
gain two from those planes plus 12. So,
I think that was the right thing to do.
And I can then surround you with planes
like that. Not bad. And then I've just
got to keep the the forest going up
here. Now, annoyingly, I can't go there
cuz it will block the wall. So, I'm
going to have to put another Oh, so
annoying. Have to put another gap in, I
think. So yeah, I think let's go that
direction cuz at least that makes you
stronger. Then this one. And there's no
right answer here, I don't think. Let's
shove you down there. We've pushed the
wall up a little bit. And then we have a
hunting lodge. So we want to surround
this by forest pieces. So I think let's
just shove you up there in that corner.
So loads of forest going in. Decent.
We've then got another forest we can
shove next to it. So that makes you
stronger as well as the one down the
bottom stronger. So that's up to 54 now.
And then we've got this one which as
long as I can keep it away from the
other military buildings, the enemy
ones, we should be all good. Uh the
annoying thing is it's quite tall. I'm
just looking at what's coming. Would I
be better off shoving this one in?
Although no, it is against planes there.
I mean I could put it in that corner so
it's not against planes. Yeah, let's put
you there. The trouble is I have to put
this down there which is going to make
this one stronger. So otherwise I'll be
touching the wall. It did make mine
stronger though. All right. And then we
got this. And I don't know where to put
it cuz it's going to touch all of them.
So I guess we just shove you there to
make you stronger. And then that's it.
That is the wall because we've built
into it. We now have to take it on.
Crazy battle going on here. We've got to
take down the three enemies as well as
the wall at the end. Now, knowing that
swords are better than archers, I
probably don't want these two to attack
these swords, I probably want want my
axemen to attack them. So, if I make you
attack you, that's surely a win because
we have the bonus of the types. We can
then go via these two and then I mean,
we could take out the wool first, then
come back for the archers, and then take
out the axemen where we have the type
bonus. So, let's see how this works. I
think my maths has done this right. So
13 gets added to that. Gets added to
that. So up to 92. So we can take down
the wool. We go down to 62. Down to 51.
Yes. Down to 40. We won. We beat the
boss. And when we start a new run of
this faction, we start with an extra 100
wood. So we get to select a card and
move on to act two. Perhaps a lumber
camp might be good. All right, let's see
what act two has in store for us. So the
first thing is a a building card. So do
you want a production one or a military
one? I think a military one would be
sensible. So strategic pavilion. This
recruits eight archers for every
adjacent military building. The wooden
fortress turns forest into plains. I
don't like that. And then the stone
fortress has mountain pieces aligned
with it. So I assume the background's
going to change into mountainy pieces.
So let's take that. And then yeah, look,
the terrain now has mountains. Um, I
think we've got to take down enemies
now. So, I'll go with this one in the
middle cuz it has the most amount of
trees beforehand though. Let's unlock
the river terrain. Unlock. And yes,
let's unlock the bridge. Oh, the bridge.
We need the bridge. So, do I spend some
food getting another slot or do I
upgrade some of these? Cuz I could
upgrade my hunting lodge so it gets us
even more food. Yeah, I'm going to do
that. I'm going to do that. And then
I've still got enough to unlock another
slot. So, let's unlock another slot. Get
the lumber camp involved. Or maybe the
stone fortress. No, let's get the stone
fortress. Here we go. So, first block is
a load of stone. Let's just shove that
in the corner. You can be reserved for
now. So, the mercenary camp doesn't do
anything. It just has 17 troops in it. I
think we'll shove you there. The
watchtowwer can go on top of it. Then I
could shove that down there just to give
the watchtower something. I'm going to
put that forest there just to get the
bottom line explored. And then the
hunting lodge can go in that gap there
cuz that should give it quite a bit of
power. A little bit of food. Then
everything is all gravy. Right. So I
think if I shove this around this corner
here, the stone fortress can go in there
and it should touch both of those and
get pretty strong. Yeah. 14 archers.
Nice. We then have a carpenter which if
I shove down that gap that will have
four buildings in its like sort of
range. That's 20 bit of wood for each.
80 wood there. That's not bad at all mid
game. Plus a load of exploration. We
finally got some stone on the goat. Um I
don't know what to do here. I'm going to
get this and just shove that there. This
hidden cave wants to be away from the
mountains. And we got like loads of
mountain pieces coming. So I could shove
it in that gap or I could just try and
get my forest on the go. Trouble is I
sort of want to make my stone fortress
stronger if I'm honest. So yeah, let's
shove my forest up there which oh no has
made you stronger. Damn it. And then I
don't know if you're going to make my
stone fortress stronger. Oh, you are.
You are still in range. Decent. Okay,
nice. I'll shove you there. The training
camp annoyingly isn't in range of
anything. But look, the ranger base is
coming. So, as long as I can find a spot
where they can touch and ideally put it
near a forest. Maybe up there. They
won't be t Well, I mean, they will be
touching, but I don't think they count
as touching. I don't know. Let's try.
We'll shove you up there. Oh, you gave
12 to there. Oh, that's good. We'll
shove you up the top and then this one.
I want you to be touching this forest
but also touch the training camp. The
thing is I don't think you will. So, is
it worth putting you up here then trying
to grow this forest later? I don't know.
I'm going to shove you down there cuz I
know that that Yeah, that gave us 21. 18
for the stone fortress. What if I swap
you to the hidden cave? Oh, it's also
18. So, I just have to keep forest
pieces away from this one. So, yeah,
I'll do that for now. You can go up
there to make you down the bottom
stronger. You're a 47 now. Blime me. Um
I might just shove that there just to do
a line. And then we'll just plop those
two up the top. Okay, so it's fight
time. It looks like they've only got
swordsmen which are stronger than my
archers. Not ideal. If I grab these
axemen and merge with them, then they'll
stay as axemen cuz that's the highest
number. And there'll be 17 of them. But
because they're axemen, they'll have an
advantage over these guys. So, we should
win that battle. We can then just gain
all of our troops and then all be
archers. And although we won't have type
advantage, we will have number
advantage. So, let's see how this goes.
So, 17 versus 17, but we have the bonus.
So, we win with five remaining. Then we
multiply to get to those. We got 73. So,
that should be a win easily. Yeah, 14
remaining. The battle is won. So, gained
a whole load of resources. 14 quid for
the 14 troops remaining. And then we get
to pick a reward. So, I'm going to go
with the stone mine, I think. Then up
here, we get to pick a card. So, get a
military building card with light units.
Get a random one or a production one. I
think let's just get a random one. So,
an old tower. Recruit five for each
mountain piece in range, plus 30 if
surrounded by mountain, cuz it's only
one square. I do like the the small
little one square pieces. There's also
the hidden cave, which is good if
surrounded by forest and mountains,
which tends to be what I'm aiming for
rather than the the plains. So, let's go
with that one, actually. All right.
Then, we'll head to the wood depot. Take
a load of wood. I'm not going to
sacrifice any health. In fact, I'm going
to buy some health, I think. And we get
to pick a building card. Uh, ranged
units. Yeah, maybe another stone
fortress. I didn't dislike the stone
fortress. Yeah, let's grab that. And
then let's take down the next boss, the
keep. Let's refill my health with all my
gold. There we go. Up to 42 health. Then
let's take this on. Oh my good. What is
this map? What is this map? The keep
doesn't add enemy cards to the deck.
Beware of its towers. They will call
reinforcements every time you align a
building with them. Oh no. Oh no. Okay,
so they've got defensive towers. Yeah.
So I think all these spots, if we build
on them, we're going to add to their
defenses, which is not ideal. Uh do I
reserve this? What do I do? I might
reserve that and then Oh man, what do I
even do? I mean, I could put you there
and then put this on top. So, at least
that's some sort of positive. I could
put that on top just to gain another
seven. Put that down there to gain an
extra 12. Trouble is it did give this
20. Oh dear. Right. So, bit of forest
down there. Oh, I think it's only Yeah,
it's only buildings that can't go in the
diagonals. So, as long as we're sort of
clever, we might be okay. That's an
extra 10. An extra 12. Oh, but it gave
them an extra 20. Damn it. Oh, I'm
really not following this forest there.
I don't know what we're going to do with
this. Shove it there, perhaps. Plop you
down there. And then we got a building
here for the ranger base. Oh, I didn't
mean to do that. Oh, no. I pressed the
wrong button. Oh no, it's all falling
apart. All right, plop that there. At
least that makes you a bit stronger. And
we want to surround this by mountains.
I'm worried if I put it in there though,
it's going to make it's going to give
that 20. So, I think put you to the
left. So, yeah, at least that's five.
Um, don't really know where to put this.
Maybe just there for now. Then I'm going
to shove this all the way down that
side. So, at least we get some resource
and stuff. All right. Then, hidden cave
wants to be near mountain and the the
forest. Yeah, that's just going to
that's going to add bad stuff. Oh, no.
I'll put it there anyway. So, it gained
us 10, but it gave them 20. Damn it.
Anyway, old tower. Oh, yes. Down there.
So, a bit of stone to surround the old
tower. And then that should give all of
those ones some bonuses. Yes. Okay, we
might be okay. Shove you down there.
Shove a plane in there. That's a line
explored. And then we got a big mountain
piece to shove there. And then, oh no,
this isn't going to fit. Oh, what
happens if it doesn't fit? Okay, just go
straight to the fight. Okay, we might be
okay. On 120. Oh no. I don't think we're
okay. I do not think we're okay. Now,
annoyingly, there's no bonuses here.
They're all just skulls. So, I think all
we want to do is just add all of ours
together and then just hope we can do
some damage, I guess. So, we take out
them, then them, and then we'll try for
the big one. It's not going to be a win,
though, I don't think. So, when these
are all added, they only add up to 125.
I mean, we can take out those, but this
is a loss. 75. No. So, that's where we
lose it. Oh, minus 33 health. But we
collected a load of resources. We've got
a load of cards for next time. Now, I
got a high score of 21,000. Let me know.
Let me know in the comments. Can you
beat my high score? Just bear in mind
the longer you play, the like stronger
you'll get. So, if that's your first go
like it is for me, well, my second, your
score will probably be lower than people
that have like played a little bit more.
But yeah, that's super fun game. Drop
Dutchy. Never seen a game like this
before. Super unique. And because I play
games like every single day, unique is
like such a refreshing thing for me. So,
fair play devs. Absolutely wicked.
Remember, you can check it out yourself
by boosting the link in the description.
Thanks dev, for sponsoring. I'll say
peace, love, and what a fun take on
Tetris. Bye guys.