Hey buddies, Petitam Whiskey here and
welcome to Memorialia Palace or as I
like to call it,
Memorial because it just it just flows
off the tongue better. But it's
Memorialia Palace. And this is kind of a
through the ages city builder. You know,
it's kind of weird. You start out like
you're building like a Roman city and
then time goes on and you're building
sort of like a middle-aged city and then
you go towards like industrial. It's
very cool. It's very weird. This is
sponsored. There have been links in the
description, all that sort of stuff.
Thank you so much to the developer for
sponsoring this video. And this is one
of the few sponsorships where I kind of
said, "Yeah, you know what? I'll do it
before I actually played the game."
Because I looked at the Steam page and I
was like, you know what? This looks kind
of neat. Looks kind of interesting. And
you know, I can always back out of it if
I didn't like the game. Because you
usually what I do is I will I will
accept. I will say, "Hey, I'd be happy
to try out your game and if I like the
game, I'll do the sponsorship." But it
turns out like I did things the other
way around. And when I played it, I
actually I I quite liked it. There's a
there's a there's a sort of something
something going on here. One
recommendation I do have, by the way, is
when you play this game, I was having
like graphical issues. If I had uh this
object display, this Okay, whatever this
is, this is a resource hog. So if you
play this game, set this to very low or
low. I was having um I was having a
scooch of performance issues uh before I
did that and you know but the game is
pretty it's it's it's it's beautiful.
There's something about it and I don't
know exactly how to explain it or so I'm
just going to show you. Okay, so let's
jump in. We're going to play classic
mode on the classic map. I'm still not
you know the game is I think it's in Is
it launching to early access? I should
have read the brief, dude. I just you
know I'm not a I'm not a product seller.
I just I play video games and sometimes
people pay me money to do it and and
this game is is is is really
interesting. Listen, all I know is they
want you to click on the link in the
description. They want you to go check
out the game and I think you should
check out the game because I think it's
very cool. So, uh we could choose our
destiny here. We can be a craftsman
which will make natural resources more
abundant. I quite like this one because
it means you don't have to replace your
production buildings as often. The
trader gives you extra trade route
stuff. Strategists lowers the chance of
incidents. The politician increases
decrees. I forgot about decrees in my
last playthrough. Actually, cultural
buildings give more satisfaction. I do
quite like the idea of craftsman or
philosopher. Priest makes offerings of
random resources. I think my personal
vibe here is I like the craftsman for
those natural resources or I like the
philosopher so that we get lots of
satisfaction from our cultural
buildings. But I'm going to go for the
craftsman. It feels like the good
default. We'll build ourselves a little
little flag here. What do we Oh, I like
the tombstone. That's kind of neat. And
you can Where's my harp? Oh, yes. They
have a harp. Oh, baby. You want the
golden harp? It's my code of arms, baby.
Can I make it like a little bit like
slightly lower? And then can we make it
like a little smaller? There we go. Oh,
that's fun. Can I get rid of like the
scuffedness? I want mine to I want
Listen, I want mine to be pristine. Oh.
Oh, I like that. Oh, what if I change
the outline color to Oh, that actually
looks sick. Anyway, I will call this
potato because that's
potato. That's what we always call it.
My name will be potato
mcwiskey with my first and last name.
Although usually there's not actually a
space between them. It's just a whole
it's a whole name. It's one there's no
space bar. I got sent a t-shirt once. I
think it was from uh for Raxis for the
civ fight night and the uh they put a
they put a space between the potato and
the mc whiskey and I was like, "Hey,
it's not a real name. It's it's a it's
an alias. You don't put a space there."
It was all good fun, though. So, I think
you know the game recommends like, "Oh,
you could settle your city over here by
the riverside. the Villa McWisky. Or you
could go to the roadside and settle your
villa over here or the marshy plot. And
you know, I'm just going to I'm just
going to go with the riverside.
Riverside, mother
trucker. We'll just go here. It's pretty
standard. It's a nice spot. And I think
if we go on this plot, right, we're like
we're near a forest over here. We're
near a forest over here. We got some
rocks and some sand. You know, we got
all the resources we need within
reasonable range. So, I'm just going to
go um give it a little kink, little
kinky angle right there. Boom. Veneretus
Benet. Hello, Benet. Yada yada yada. My
objective is to reach level five in each
family heritage. Now, what is level five
in each family heritage? I don't
actually really know, but basically the
game is broken up
into many ages. There are many, many,
many, many, many ages. So, I'm going to
pause the game right away because we
have only 1,200 cycles in the antiquity
age. And once the antiquity age is over,
I don't know where's the there's a
button somewhere. Yeah. Then we'll go to
the middle age. Then we'll go the
renaissance and then we'll go to the
enlightenment and the industrial
revelation. So every 300 cycles we will
get evaluated and we want to hit these
milestones here. So if we want to get an
intermediary value evaluation, we need
to get 3,500 resource points. What are
resource points? I have absolutely no
idea. I think it's just how much
resources you have in supply. Population
satisfaction. If we have 260 population
satisfied, we will get an intermediate
eval evaluation. There is a higher tier
of evaluation. So basically, you're
trying to hit these milestones and I
don't know what you get for doing that,
but something you probably get
something. I think you get these memory
points, these things here. And memory
points can be used to basically undo
problems that have accumulated over the
ages, roughly speaking. We've got a
technology tree. We'll talk a little bit
more about the technology tree. My 100%
most important recommendation is
whatever you do, do not upgrade the
surveyor's cabin at the start of the do
not do not upgrade it to tier 2 at the
start of the game. Okay, just do not do
it. It will you will breakick your
start. I did that one time and uh yeah,
I bricked my start. So, things to note.
Uh apparently people need to eat food.
So, farms are going to be important. We
also need wood and we need quarry. So,
we're going to start out with wood. Get
a little cutting camp over here. You can
see if I put it over here, there's only
360 wood. If I put it over here, there's
4,000 wood. So, this this wood will do
us for probably most of the age. Yeah,
about 4,000 wood is enough for most of
the age. So, we can we can park this
little wood cutter camp here. That's a
good start. And then we're also going to
want a quarry to get stone. Wood and
stone, your basic resources for the
starting the construction of a town.
You're also going to want food. Uh you
can kind of get away with not building
food for like a minute. And I'm going to
use a surveyor's cabin to kind of put
the farm a little bit further out over
here because farms take up a lot of room
and I don't like them when they're
really close to my town. So I'm just
going to go ahead and put a little
surveyor's cabin. This little circle
here, that's the buildable area of my
city. And so if I just scooch you, I'm
trying to trying to optimize the amount
of space my town gets. So if I put a
little surveyor's cabin here, I'll be
able to put a farm kind of further away
so that I can centralize all of my
actual like the good buildings. Well,
it'll make more sense in a moment.
Basically, now that I've unpaused the
game, a tick happens. And every time a
tick happens, right? Like this building
is going to take nine ticks to build or
nine cycles, I guess. Um, and every time
a cycle happens, a building will do a
thing. So, like you can see, uh, this
district has popped up because this
villa McWisky
has an attraction filter. You can see
there's a little blue blob around it,
right? This is where people want to
live. And the more intense the
attraction filter, the more people want
to live in that place. So, you can see
there's now three people living in here.
And we get a p you start off with a
baseline of workforce and you get a
percentage of your population as
workforce. And workforce is probably the
biggest limitation you're going to be
running into when you're playing the
game. And what I love about this game is
you could play it as like just like max
speed, whatever. Go cycle, cycle, cycle,
don't care. Or you could play it like,
okay, I'm going to do cycles very slowly
and very carefully. You can play it like
a little bit of a puzzle game where
you're like trying to optimize every
single possible move. So I'm going to
place a farm over here in between the
trees. Now, I do actually want to
quickly check the resource map mode. So,
there's wood, there's stone, there's
sand, there's clay, there's gold, and
there's iron. So, if I put the farms
here, I won't be getting in the way of
any resources that I might want to build
later. That will make sense later
because rem moving a farm is expensive
because it is I made that mistake last
time. I put farms right beside over here
and then I didn't have room for like the
special cultural building. So, just
that's a recommendation I have is is put
your farms a little bit further out.
This is a good spot for a farm. All
right, sick. So, the small quarry and
the cutting camp are both finished. The
cutting camp is going to produce three
wood per cycle, depleting the local
resources nearby. And the small quarry
is going to create three stone per
cycle, but it can get clay or sand as
well. Perfect. And so, mostly what we're
waiting on now is the accumulation of
resources to uh and population. And we
get between one and four population per
cycle. And then we can improve our villa
to level two. and that will unlock a
whole bunch of new things for us to play
around with. You can see the little I
one thing I love about this game is the
shape of the districts are very organic.
Um, that is something I really really
really really like about the game. I do
think it's worth it to get a second
cutting camp early as it is probably
worth it to get a second stone cutter as
well. But I'll start with a second
cutting camp. Uh, you want to be careful
about using up all your workers though
because that is one of your hardest to
acquire resources. We will need to think
about when we're going to get a second
farm, but it's fine for now. We don't
have to worry about that at the moment.
That's uh that's probably a longer term
consideration. Time's passing. Just
waiting to get to 90 population so I can
upgrade my villa. Milla. You see like
little carts running around. People are
trading. Yeah, this is like a little
hamlet, right? We're getting started.
You can see people are building houses
and every tick when people move in the
houses evolve and new houses will
appear. Just like just take a snap. I
want you to take a snapshot of this town
in your mind. Okay? remember what this
looked like at this phase of the game
because it's going to slowly evolve over
the course of this playthrough. It it is
a beautiful sort of evolution that we
will undertake. And there we go. We have
hit 90 population. However, we're
lacking a little bit on the resource
side of things. So, I'm just going to go
ahead and grab myself a second small
query right there. There you go. Try to
minimize the overlap between quaries to
maximize the total resource production.
And there we go. Two quaries, two
foresters. That's a good start. We will
eventually probably want three quaries
and three foresters when we start
processing it into higher tier materials
because of course there's higher tier
materials. It is that sort of a game.
All right, we have the wood. We're just
waiting on the stone. Another cycle or
two and boom. Vill Whiskey can be
improved. Several cycles have passed and
now you have enough citizens and
resources to improve your family
heritage. So, if I quickly come in here
and I pause the game and I improve this,
we will go to level two on the Villa Mc
Whiskey. It'll take 10 cycles to
improve, but the building will have a
higher attraction, if I recall
correctly, and be able to hold more
resource stock, which is always nice.
And there we go. We have unlocked family
heritage, too. And there are five family
heritages that we're going to want to
work our way through, I believe, in in
this age. So, we have access to the
ceramic workshop, the arena. These are
all cultural buildings. They improve
various aspects of your cities, your
satisfactions, right? So each color is
associated with a faction. You've got
creative, military, religion, scholar,
commerce, politics. Those are the those
are the factions. Factions will provide
you with gold coins. They'll provide you
with quests and remissions and decisions
and kind of like not exactly narrative
events, but like they'll provide you
with like uh conundrums that you have to
solve like, oh, do I expand the power of
this political faction at the expense of
another one or so on and so forth. Your
citizens also have satisfactions.
Health. Uh if your health is low, people
will eat more food. If your health is
high, they'll eat less. If your safety
is low, a lot of really negative events
like fires or riots will break out. If
safety is high, they won't happen.
That's a shield. Then belonging is your
general productivity of your society. If
your belonging is low, your resource
buildings won't be as productive. If
your self-esteem is high, you will get
more tax. And if creativity is low or
high, buildings will take longer or
lower or or longer or shorter to build.
Basically here, actually, I can just
hover over them and show you, right?
Pause game. Health, high health, minus
20% food consumption. That's really
good. Safety, high safety, zero
incidents will happen in your town. I
like to focus on safety because of that,
cuz I don't like the random I don't like
these things. Belonging increases the
production of natural and processed
resources by 20%. That's awesome.
Esteem, extra taxation, creativity,
construction time. I think creativity is
the least important to me personally.
Safety is the most important to me. And
then it's probably belonging and esteem
are kind of like similarly important,
maybe slightly leaning on esteem. And
then health is also quite good at least
to keep it neutral. And it's quite hard
to satisfy all of these things all of
the time. So you are going to want to
kind of think about which one is
important to you. And I personally I
find safety quite important. I can
imagine there's someone out there who
would ignore it. One of the first things
we're going to unlock right now is the
architectural office. So, this is how we
get blueprints, and blueprints are used
to unlock things in the building tree.
So, let's go ahead and grab this. We
could in theory upgrade it, but it
requires higher tier resources. I happen
to know that. And then we can also
unlock cultural buildings. And this will
allow us to start to build our factions.
And I'm probably going to get started
with the arena just so we can kind of
talk our way through that. Now, the
architectural office has an attraction
to it. It doesn't say it here, but it
does actually have attraction. It's I
wish that was something that was listed
on a building as to whether or not it
has attraction, but this building does
in fact have attraction. I think these
ones have negative attraction. You'd see
[Music]
here. I don't know how to show you the
attraction. Yeah, building has an
attraction of 200. And I believe the
architectural office has a very small
amount of attraction. So, I'm going to
put them over here like on this sort of
road corner cuz I want to save the area
immediately adjacent to the villa for
faction buildings like the arena. and
we're waiting for resources plus
workers. So, a lot of the game is about
like oh making a decision in the short
term, waiting for the consequences of
that decision to play out in the long
term. And we have found a ruin. Now,
what's awesome here is I can demolish
this because I have no factions and get
a huge amount of gold. Whereas, like
normally the factions would prefer if
you rebuilt it. So, we're we're going to
demolish this because we don't have
factions right now. So, this is going to
be a nice injection of a whole bunch of
resources that I wouldn't normally be
able to get access to this early. But I
do have to wait for the 10 workers. All
right, let's go ahead and demolish.
Boom. Take five cycles and we'll get a
nice injection of resources. In fact,
actually, I think we got the resources
already. Beautiful. Now, do we get the
workers back? That's the question. Oh,
you do. That's perfect. Okay, so that
injection of resources, we're just
waiting for the workers now to build the
arena. And once we can build that arena,
we have to talk a little bit about the
factional system. And you can see as the
number of population in my town is
reaching a higher level, the amount of
satisfaction that I am producing is
becoming inadequate. I forget how to
open up the thing. Um, where is the
Sonatus? Okay, I need to get the
Sonatus. This is an important early game
building because it gives you access to
the um politics screen. Increase the
production of the architectural office
for 100 cycles. Basically, you get these
cultural characters that you can assign
for a 100 cycles at a time. So, we'll
get a lot more blueprints in the short
term. Ah, yes. Arena time. Okay. So,
when you place an arena, a building like
an arena, you can see if I press five,
attrition zone. Oh, you've got an
attraction. If I press five here, you
can see this is the uh you've got the
sort of white is the the white circles
are the buildable area and the blue
stuff is the attractivity. But then you
can also see as I get close to some of
these districts, these kind of like red
dot slots open up. And basically what
that is is each building of a cultural
variety has an associated faction or
political faction that will they will
take over these districts. They will
move in and become a part of the city
life. Um so if I settle right here, the
hoplights are likely to move into these
adjacent buildings. So I'm just going to
go ahead and pop this arena really close
to the villa right there. It's going to
cost me 150 wood, 112 stone, 17 workers,
and 12 cycles. So, we'll go ahead and
build that. And now we have to pick a
secondary bonus for this thing. I think
a good secondary bonus is either
belonging or esteem. I like both. I'll
go for belonging right now because I
don't have any factions to get me gold.
So, belonging it is. And this will bring
up our safety. And now, keep in mind,
remember what this town looked like.
It's going to slowly evolve over time.
Now, the sonatas here requires a
political faction with at least eight
power. Now, the political faction is
built by building a forum. So, I'm going
to go and go and need myself a forum. We
can't quite build a forum just yet, but
we will be able to soon. We also do now
have the ability to produce sand and
clay. So, I'm going to put a surveyor's
cabin over here because I happen to know
because I I just played this map a
moment ago that there's a little bit of
sand over here and a little bit of clay,
but also stone. There's a bunch of
resources over here basically. And so,
if I put a little um surveyor cabin
right on the periphery, we'll be able to
get some new resources. Some of these
buildings will take sand and clay. And
now you can see there we go. Safety is
maxed out. We've got maxed out
belonging. Resource production is high.
And a faction wants to move into the
city. Hello there. These are the
hoplights. The hoplights driven by
Andre's ambitions. I can accept this
faction and they will offer regular
taxation and a cultural military
character. The cultural military
character can be used for a variety of
tasks. One of which is, for example, I
can reduce the workers that are required
in this arena. So if I go ahead and pump
a worker in here, boom. Now, it will
only need 12 workers rather than 17,
freeing up workers for me to build a
forum, for example, which requires a
decent amount of stone that we're saving
up for. But now, this district, the
installed faction, creates a district
culture. So, if I go to the map mode
here, and I go to the faction filter,
you can see this faction has full
control over this district and a little
bit of control over these ones, a little
bit of influence, which is pretty cool.
And now I also have a faction screen. I
can go ahead and check these guys out. I
can be like, ah, trust. So, what is
trust? The higher the trust of a
faction, the more advantages you'll
enjoy will interact with certain aspects
of the game. Easy to pass, decrees,
cheaper to buy good, blah blah blah blah
blah. Now, I can tax these guys to gain
gold. But what I'm going to do is
actually I'm going to turn their
taxation off so that I can get trust
with them. I want their trust to be
really, really high. Now, if I build
these guys a let's see, the power of a
faction fluctuates over time and past
actions. When a faction increases when a
faction population increases, powers
access to new levels of positive or
negative effects. Okay, cool. So, I
don't know what exclude this faction
means. Oh, I just pressed that button.
What does that do? Well, hopefully I
didn't just break the game by excluding
that faction. Whoops. We can also build
a statue of the founders. We are going
to need some clay. So, let's build a
small quarry on the clay depos. There's
a clay deposit over here with about
4,000 in it if I recall right here.
There's also some sand and stone, which
means this thing will be around for a
long time. But, we want the clay right
now as we have no clay production. We
have don't have any sand production
either, but we have some sand in stock,
so we're not in a rush for that. The big
thing we want is this forum, though. So,
this farm can produce 58 food per cycle.
It might be good for me to research
improved farms. It'll cost a little bit
of clay, but that means I'll be able to
run my town off of a single farm for a
lot longer. Ah, a new little district
has appeared up over here beside the um
architectural office. We can improve
this as well, but we're going to need
wooden beams and cut stones, which I
believe are unlocked with the next tier
of the uh Villa McWisky. Uh, and that's
going to require clay as well as 300
population. So, we just need to get our
population up and we can build a forum.
And we want to try and hit as many of
these existing districts as possible
right there. That Oh, come on. Don't
don't keep me. It's it's it's there's a
little bit of a pixel placement game you
got to play sometimes trying to get
things in the exact right location. Here
we go. So, that's going to hit four
districts all with decent population.
So, we're going to build our forum right
here. It's going to be expensive, but it
will give us access to better esteem
satisfaction. And we can add an extra
bit of safety. What's our safety
overhead? We actually have a bit of
safety overhead. So perhaps we'll go for
belonging or maybe we'll get a little
bit of health because we don't want to
be eating extra food. So I'll take a
little bit of extra health on that
forum. Improving the cutting camp will
take some clay. And I believe improving
the quarry will take some sand. So we'll
probably want to get a sand quarry out
here eventually. I'll probably put a
surveyor's cabin on this beach. If I
recall correctly, there is sand here.
Yeah, there's a ton of sand over here on
this beach. So, great place for us to
add resource production. I'm trying to
remember is there. Yeah, I can attract a
faction using cultural characters, but
I've kind of already spent mine. All
right, let's have a look in here. What
can we unlock? Let's see. All right.
Yeah, I'll I I'll save up some I'll save
up some workers to upgrade this farm. I
think that'll be good to give us that
nice little bit of overhead. I don't
think we're really hungry, but it's a
good idea to have a good amount of farm
overhead. You do not want to starve.
We'll get this farm constructed nice and
quick. Safety and taxation are high.
Yes, we can improve the Villa Mcwiskey.
Awesome. So, we're going to improve this
again to the next tier. This will give
us access to wooden beams as well as cut
stones. And the area the area is
basically like a it's a way to increase
the attraction of a of a region. Villa
Mcwisky up. You can see the trust with
these guys is slowly climbing. I'm very
happy about that. Let's unlock a new
cultural building. Oh, you can't unlock
buildings while your um villa is
operating. Well, we have a level three,
so it's only 160 cycles in, and we're at
three out of five levels. And now, the
first couple are kind of easy to get,
but the ones after that get a little bit
more tough. Yeah, we're going to need
gold and cut stones and ceramics. So,
now we can build stone masonry, which
will allow us to convert stone into cut
stones. Carpentry, which will allow us
to convert wood into wooden beams, and
we can also build the area. And
basically, the area is just a way to
boost the um attractiveness of a local
location. And so like let's say I'm like
ooh I want to make sure that more people
move into this neighborhood. I'm going
to put this little thing here to you
know make more people move in here so
it's a more attractive location. So
let's unlock the stonemason the stone
mason the carpenter and then we'll be
able to get the better architectural
office and we'll probably want to start
upgrading our stone quaries and our
cutting camps and all this sort of
stuff. We're about 60% of the way to our
esplanade. Resource point wise we're
looking good. Population satisfaction
wise we're looking good. Faction power
we're not. You know, we're we're we're
on par with what we need. Let's go ahead
and unlock the ceramic workshop. I think
we could do some fun things with that.
We need to look around. This these
populations over here are not serviced.
I'm going to try and hit all three if I
can. Come on. The sometimes you got to
play I I wish it was a little bit more
forgiving. You got to play pixel hunter
sometimes to find the exact right spot
to where you can hit all your existing
districts. But we'll build a little
ceramic shop right here. And I will
focus on safety cuz I really don't like
these negative events. But I think most
of my regions are now being hit by
potential factions. So we got no risk of
incidents. We've got a carnival. The
citizens are celebrating. Well, that's
cool. I can't attract a character here
for some reason. How do I attract a
faction? That is that is the one thing
that I haven't quite figured out. Let me
open up the codeex here. All right. Let
me have a look. Can I can I boost your
power? Ah, well, you have given me
access to the praised praidium.
Excellent. Their trust is very high. So
I want to keep the hoplights really
really happy. We could get the praise
praisidium which will give us a huge
amount of satisfaction and attraction. I
think I would like to keep the forum
open as an option here. You know, let's
unlock the praiseium. When it comes to
proximity, I will put
a a little surveyor outpost out here by
the water. And that is so that I can
build a quarry down here and start
harvesting out the sand. Yes. Okay, we
got the plebeians. Welcome, plebeians.
This is who I was looking for. So, the
plebeians of Rome are here. Wow, these
guys are celebrating. They're really
happy. That's awesome. I'm really glad
for them. See if we can't find the right
spot for this quarry. Oh, I do need to
wait until this building finishes. There
we go. It's a small quarry. About
15,000 sand here, which is pretty much
enough to do us for like two or three
ages. We'll build that. You can see,
look at these districts. They're
starting to evolve. We can look at the
faction map. Oh, factions are moving in.
They're taking over. Destabilizing a
faction lowers its power. That's
interesting. I'm going lower the tax of
the plebeans again. We don't need the
money right now. And I would rather have
the high trust. Oh, wow. There's even
more celebrating going on. Jesus. Yes, I
can attract a a faction. I'm going to
attract a faction over here. Which
district has the most population? Looks
like it's this one. 58. We're going to
attract the Helios. Perfect. We've got
another faction. We're going to go ahead
and tell these guys that we will not tax
you either. We want to have I like
having high trust with my factions. It's
like it's like I'm lowering taxation
right now to get people to move into my
city, but eventually, you know, those
chickens will come home to roost. I
definitely need to increase the security
of my town. So, I would like to get a
praisidium. We'll save up for that. It's
going to take a little bit of wood, a
little bit of sand. We have the
workforce for it. It's going to take a
lot of wood, actually. Okay, perfect. We
can get a praisidium. I'm going to park
it up over here to lock in this as the
militaristic faction right there. It's
quite expensive, but it will give us a
lot of satisfaction and a lot of
attractions. We'll start to attract a
decent amount of population over to this
side of the town. They're bringing up
the power of the hopletes. I'm going to
put a surveyor cabin out over here
because I would like to get another wood
cutter in this zone. We're struggling a
little bit for wood compared to stone.
So, I would feel good if we were getting
a little bit more of that. All right,
let's get that cutting camp. There we
go. Another 4,000 wood. Boo. And the
praidium is about to finish, too. The
hoplights have hit eight power, which
means we should be able to unlock their
next building, their service building,
the minmentum, which will give us access
to even more security, but also some
other special abilities that we'll talk
about. So, I'll go ahead and and buy
that unlock. Now, what does it take to
upgrade these quaries? It takes a lot of
wood and a bit of sand. Hello. The
hoplights would like to expand their
territory. This will get them plus three
power, plus 10 trust, and it'll increase
their tax. I'm going to accept their
expansion. So now they own two districts
essentially, which gives them a
significant boost in the population that
they control, meaning they have more
power. Actually, did that boost them up
to a new power level actually. Oh yes,
now we can get the station. However,
that is going to require ceramics, which
we do not have just yet. I believe those
are unlocked with the next level of my
villa. That's going to require 900
population. I'm curious, how am I doing
with the assessments? We have passed the
minimum level for all of our
assessments, which is good. All right,
let's improve our queries. I think we
need to get our resource buildings to
level two so that we can extract
resources from the land faster. It will
delay building some of these buildings.
However, it will speed up building
future buildings, so I think that makes
it worth it. This is already level two.
I I do wish there was like a filter I
could use to see which buildings are
level two. We found a ruin. Now,
deleting this would hurt our trust, but
it would get us some useful materials.
And here's the thing. I like I kind of
like to run a taxation, you know, ban
and then just, you know, I mean, this
trust will recover in like 50 cycles,
but I'll wait until our assessment
before I do that in case that causes
like a negative event that hurts our
assessment. B. The Syndicate Alliance,
uh, you receive
Esplanda coins, intermediary evaluation.
Very nice. So, we succeeded in getting
the base level evaluation. I don't know
what this one is. I think these are
negatives. The city has met
expectations. We're a little bit behind
on building points, but that's okay.
We're still ahead of where we need to
be. So, now I'm going to go ahead. I'm
going to delete this ruin for the
resources. It'll hurt the trust, but
we're not taxing anyone. So, the trust
is building up anyway. So, all of our
buildings are all of our resource
production buildings are level two now,
which means I am going to come in here.
I'm going to unlock the level two of the
surveyor's camp. Well, hold on. Let me
look up. I will not do that until I have
a carpenter and a stonemason. My
carpenter and my stonemason. I think
over here actually by the beach is like
not a terrible place for these. It
already should have some negative
appeal. So, we'll do a carpenter right
here. Plus the stonemason right here.
This will get us the basic uh tier 2
resource production going. We'll want
the monumentum. You're 8 food per cycle.
That's perfect. Now that we're building
these, it can be worth it for us to
build another another set of what's the
word of basic resource production
because we might want to get that a
little bit more wood. So, I'm wondering
like what if I built a cutting camp over
here to make sure that we're getting
enough wood in our diet. There we go.
And then like
16,000. It's like 15,000 stone right
here. Beautiful. because now we're
processing these resources into higher
tier resources. We're going to need more
of them. So, I like to just pump up the
production there. Let's make sure we
unlock the STO. That's going to require
ceramics. So, we won't be able to get
that until the next tier, which is fine.
I'm going to unlock the next tier of the
political buildings. And I'm going to
improve this small core to level two so
we can get more clay. I can build a
statue to the founder of the city, which
sounds kind of fun. I'll pop it right
over here by the forum. Has a little bit
of attraction. and it doesn't really do
a huge amount, but people like living
near it, which is cool. I got to say the
game is the game is really, really fun
and it's really quite satisfying to
play. So, I want to save up now for the
Monumentum. It's mostly just workers we
need to save up for. So, we're just
waiting for this citizen thing to fill
up. Okay, perfect. We have the
population now to make the monumentum.
I'll put it over here. Can I squeeze it
in? I'm trying to get it to sque Oh,
right there. There we go. Can we just
nestle it nice and close? It's going to
cost us 300 wood, 300 stone, 168 sand,
25 workers, and this is a building you
can only build once. Probably the most
important things to me are belonging and
esteem. My creativity is low, but like
construction speed doesn't bother me
that much. I do think health is
important, but the safety safety is the
one I like to really focus on because
having a preventing all incidents from
happening just always feels amazing. And
now that we've built the monumentum, we
get access to ramp parts. And the ramp
parts are really cool. So if I select
this villa, I can enlarge the ramp
parts. And this basically builds wall
around the surrounding buildings that
will increase the internal attraction of
this area. And it'll decrease the need
for health and safety for the
inhabitants. So I'll get 450. Now I can
enlarge it to encompass like basically
the whole city, but that would cost me
an absurd amount of resources and an
absurd amount of population. So I think
the trick is to to start small. We will
get to work on these ramp parts. I don't
think it's a it's a goal right now. I
think what we want to start working on
now is maybe building up the political
power of the plebeians of Rome. So we
want to build like the Hela the Sonatus
in particular the Senatus because that's
going to give us access to decrees. So
I'm going to go ahead and pop into the
tech tree and I'm going to unlock the
Sonatus. We have already unlocked the
Helia. So we'll probably quickly squeak
out the Hela before we get the Sonatus.
Again, we're just we're mostly waiting
for population here. So, it's we've
reached a stage where our city city is
in really good shape. And I just love
how organically the cities develop in
this game. It it's it's quite
satisfying. I mean, look how dense and
urban these zones in here have started
to become. I think it's really cool.
Ooh, the plebeians. I think they want to
expand. There we go. Plus 10 trust
power. Yes. Expand your reach, please.
Okay, so here's the Sonatus right here.
Right by this statue of the founder.
Boom. Um, it can only be built once per
game. Has an attraction of 350. It costs
a little bit of resources, you know,
sort of broad spectrum of resources.
Again, the mo most difficult thing we're
having right now is a worker shortage.
We've got plenty of security, but we
could always have more safety. This is
going to give us a significant amount of
esteem. We are struggling a little bit
with creativity and creat it's it's not
ideal to to have crap creativity. So,
maybe we'll go for creativity and
belonging to keep these guys above a
certain level. See, 25 workers, 17 22.
I'm going to reduce the worker cost of
this. I'm going to reduce the worker
cost of the ceramic workshop as well, so
we free up some workers. I'll increase
the production of the architectural
office. We would like to upgrade this.
It'll take a significant amount of
workers and we could attract a faction
if we got a new building. And I think
that might not be a terrible thing to do
if we were to attract a maybe the
religious faction next or the trade
faction. So, we'll wait until we have
the blueprints for that. Oh, these guys
want to expand as well. Yes, do expand.
Okay. So, I'm going to unlock the Vaia
Adaficium, which is the will will give
me access to the commercial faction. So,
I will build this over here by these. I
can't quite get it in. Oh, maybe I can
get it to I can I can almost touch all
these empty places. And I suppose keep
our safety nice and high. Yeah, there's
a little district in here I'll never be
able to reach. It only has six people in
it, which is fine. But hopefully we'll
be able to attract the commercial
faction to this zone in here. this nice
district with our little uh political
political point. Oh, they came in
anyway. Perfect. Well, that just means
my next blueprint can be spent
attracting another faction. So,
politics, the hoplights, and the
plebbeians of Rome. So, we have quite a
few things that we can enact now. And
now we're going to want maybe to start
taxing people. So, we can do stuff like
uh closing the gates, which stops
migration to the city. Or we could do
external recruitments, which increases
the migration to the city. That would be
awesome. public courses increases the
creativity satisfaction. You know,
import regulations. You've got quality
control, decreases the ascends, ax
sharpening, increases resource
generation, all this sort of stuff. I
don't necessarily know. I I don't
necessarily have an opinion on which of
these things are good to pass. And they
cost gold, which is a resource I like to
hold close to my heart, but it's useful
to have it unlocked because they will
start to be like, "Oh, I wish to pass a
decree." And if you just let them do
that, they might improve your city. I
feel like the immigration decree is a
good one. Okay, sick. We have the
resources now to get the ag center. We
will grab that. And I will put this over
here. We could nestle this in right
there. These are going to be a weak
faction relatively speaking to my
others, but they will be here and they
will provide us with some benefits. So,
how are we doing on this? Okay, we're
well ahead on resource points. So, yeah,
perfect. We're well ahead of where we
need to be with the city. So, looking
good, man. Now, don't forget, right,
this game is available on Steam, right?
I This video is sponsored, so I feel
like I like and it's so fun. I feel like
I need to provide a little bit of value
to the people who, you know, paid me to
do this, paid me to play the game, but
sick. Yes. So, I'm going to wait like a
moment and then I might attract I try to
try to attract the faction to this one
because it has 32 population. The druids
of the aisle of man, yes, please come to
my city. They're renowned for their
mystical wisdom. Boom. And so now they
own this tile. They'll have a little bit
of population. The hot plates have full
trust with me. So, I'm going to start
taxing them. It's 2.6 gold every 5
cycles. So, to make sure we're not
taxing anyone else so that we can get
the trust up to really high. The next
thing I would like to do is to improve
the architectural office. That's going
to require a significant amount of
workers. And in addition to that, I
would really like to upgrade my villa.
So, it's probably going to be the next
thing that I do is upgrading the villa.
Waiting for the um the cut stone cycle
to finish. Takes a few cycles. There we
go. Ready to improve. Let's go. Now,
improving this is going to unlock brick
works, which allows us to turn clay into
bricks. It's going to unlock tileery,
which allows us to turn sand into tiles.
The platea, don't know what it does, as
well
as new resources. Let's go. Let's
upgrade. That did cost us a little bit
of money. Request from a faction. We'd
like them to extend the influence of the
culture. So, they want me to promote a
decree curfew. So, if I come in here and
I go to curfew, I could now do So,
normally this would cost five gold per
cycle, but I could do a full 100 cycle
curfew for 250 coins. I'm going to do
the minimum to just be like, "Yeah, you
get your decree. Just satisfy their
request. I will propose it and in three
cycles they'll decide to the decree was
accepted." Right? So, we spent a little
bit of gold to get a cheap decree. It'll
make safety feel good. All right.
Awesome. We now have access to
production buildings, the brick work,
the tileery, and the platea. Now, the
decorative building. Oh, perhaps I have
to unlock that. Yeah, we got a few
things that we would like to unlock,
like the horam. We're also going to want
to unlock the brick work. We need to
upgrade these buildings, too. Uh, the
stonemason and the carpenter. I'm going
to focus on upgrading my buildings. I
could use a cultural character to unlock
this. That Wait a minute. That feels
powerful. Cultural character. Thank you
for that. We will also buy the this. And
then we'll save our blueprints. You need
to be upgraded. We're waiting for
bricks. Can we upgrade the brickery? Not
yet. Not yet. We do have the resources
actually to maybe build some ramp parts.
We're a little bit shy on the stone.
Well, when you're shy on stone, maybe
build a stonemason. All right, let's
let's let's upgrade our ramp parts. It's
a significant upgrade to the city. It
takes a bit of population, a bit of
time. Takes 32 cycles, but I think it's
worth it. Makes all this population in
here just better. The threat of
Macedonia. Okay, so I can lose
gold or food. Let's help the Greek
cities. 20 food isn't that much. We
don't eat that much just yet. So, we can
we can eat that food pretty pretty
easily. Take that as a hit. All right,
let's unlock the brick work and the
Tyler just so we have access to the next
tier resources to improve the capital.
We will need Okay, we'll need 1,800
population. So, we need to start
thinking about these things as we get
further along. I'm really looking
forward to these uh ramp parts being
completed. It'll help a lot with the
health and the safety of the town. There
we go.
Nice. Now, you can always enlarge them
again. It gets increasingly expensive as
you put more stuff in the ramp parts.
So, like the next one's going to cost us
1,500, which is a lot. To encompass the
entire city would cost 4,800. So, it'll
be quite some time before we can afford
that. I'm quite annoyed that unlocking
this takes so dang long when I would
have just unlocked it myself. All right,
we'll improve our carpenter. We'll have
a look. I could use another
stonemason. I could also use the upgrade
to the surveyor cabin. Let me have a
look. There is the ability to build a
bit of stonemasonry over here. So, pop
you right there and I'll grab a stone
mason cuz I'm a little bit light on
stonemasonry at the moment. Actually,
there's about 10,000 stone right here.
I'll wait for this anyway. I can get a
lot more if I wait. Okay, perfect. We'll
put a little stonemason here. There's
like 14,000. We could use the Hallea.
Hallelujah. Hallelua. Could I scooch it
right in here? Come on. Rotate me. I'll
put it up over here. I do not want to
promote the closing the gates. I would
prefer to do an immigration one. It'd be
nice to reduce the workers. Having
reduced workers is great. And I would
also like to increase the productivity
of the architectural office. I would
also like to improve it. So, I will.
Then the ceramic workshop will also
reduce the You know what? We'll increase
the satisfaction, make our people a
little bit happier. Why not? All right.
All right, we're coming up on our next
assessment and we're way ahead on the
faction power points, which is good. So,
we want to maybe focus on building. So,
if we're using a a small quarry, we'll
produce five sand per cycle. The Tyler
uses 21 sand every six cycles. So, if
I'm producing five sand per cycle,
that's 30 sand every six cycles. So, I
think I would need a second small quarry
so that I didn't run out of sand. But I
can sustain this Tyler for quite a while
without doing much extra. I'm kind of
building like a gross production area
over here. And if I'm getting the Tyler,
I may as well get the brick work because
the same math applies. Okay, what is
this? Uh, the threat of Macedonia 2.
Your defense was a success. We got the
Lotus Magnus. Oo, I don't know what the
hell the Lotus Magnus is, but I'm going
to go look. Lotus Magnus. Oh, damn. It
was It's the final tier building in the
um scientific cultural tree. Oh, that's
really good. That's really good. Well,
all right, then. Let's upgrade our I
can't get the proximity building
upgrades yet. Now I can get it. We'll
upgrade this to tier two. Now, these
surveyor cabins are going to be a little
bit more expensive now. Mostly in the
form of cut stones. I'm still waiting to
upgrade the stonemason. So, now we're
starting to produce tiles. We're
starting to produce bricks. Really good
stuff. Peek at our factions. So, we're
taxing you guys. The plebbeans are at 96
trust. We want to wait until they're a
little higher. Oh, the Helios are
actually at max trust, so we'll start
taxing them. That's good news. Oh my
god, I could build this Lus the Lutus
Magnus. I kind of want there to be a
little bit more attraction around this
area. I I do have to wait until that
sawmill is finished doing sawmilly
things. You know what? Do a little mixed
district over here. If I put you here,
uh, what's our safety at? We have a
surplus of safety. Let's put this
towards esteem. So, we have lots of
cash. Feels like the right play. Can I
squeeze an area in here? Oh, they just
built. Never mind. I cannot. We may want
to start thinking about getting our
second farm. We're getting towards that
point in the game where our food
consumption is starting to match what
this can output. It's We still have a
little bit of headroom, but we're kind
of running out of headroom. Oh, next
assessment. Bish bash bos. Four stars.
Four gold stars. Love it. Okay, sick.
It's going to cost us a decent amount of
variety of resources to get to the next
tier. The big thing is the population
requirement. Let's have a look at what
we could upgrade. So, we could go to
tier three. Tier three would require Oh
my goodness. Okay, so we definitely
don't want to go to that. What can we
do? We could unlock the Melum, which I
believe will allow us to do trade
routes. So, I would like to build this.
Uh, again, we're kind of waiting on the
population. So, can I make this forum
reduce the amount of workers required or
satisfaction? No, reduce workers. I like
that worker reduction cuz that'll let me
build them to sell them sooner than I
would normally be able to. Yeah, finding
room. It's a little tough. Oh, I can
squeeze it in right here. There we go.
Boom. So, this gives a huge health buff.
I think safety and esteem are important,
but I do need to get a little bit of
belonging because I'm taking a resource
penalty right now. And I want to keep my
creativity above a minimum level. So,
I'll also take a creativity buff. They
want me to promote a curfew. It's not
really what I'm looking to do. This is
not that's not my vibe. Oh, yes. Expand
your district. Give me more tax. And now
we can start taxing the
politicians. Yes. Let the gold flow.
Health is looking great. We're eating
less food. Everything's looking great
here in this town. We're almost at we're
actually at our resource cap for some
things. So, we may want to expand the um
the town's walls a little bit. So, I'm
going to look for wherever the densest
populations are. And we don't quite have
the workforce for this, but we can do a
little bit of an expansion. The walls of
the city. We do it in little chunks and
be fine. I would like to unlock the cast
room. I want to get all those hoplight
buildings. Our cultural characters are
free. Uh go ahead and increase the
production of the architectural office.
And then I want you to also reduce the
amount of workers needed in the ceramic
workshop. We do have like a resource
management panel which is cool. Oh, what
is this? Oh, this is trade. So, we can
trade what was set. We gain one gold
coin every five cycles. So, what do we
do? We could sell them wood. I need to
have a c commercial cultural character.
Okay, got it. We found some ruins. Uh,
I'm going to demolish that. It'll cost
us a bit of trust, but I think it's
worth it because you could just turn off
taxation for a bit. So we we now have
two separate ramp part areas. I like
that. That is cool that each rampart is
its own section. I can build another
little rampart over here. I will. It's a
good way to spend this these resources.
Right. The hoplights want to expand.
Absolutely. I will take that extra tax,
please, sir. 1,800 wood left in here.
600 wood left in here. 2,000 wood left
in here. Yeah, we're going to want to
start thinking about expanding our wood
reach. Um, speaking of which, if I
improve this, that will actually let me
reach out here a little bit further. I
could lay down a new cutting camp as
well in preparation. 4,000 wood right
there. Although I want to wait until
this is actually finished construction
before I do that. So, this will be
unlocked at the next age. Let's unlock
these. Yeah. So, we can't do anything
with these until the next age. Got it.
Why don't you learn that plan for me?
200 cycles. Okay. Jesus, that's a long
time. I'm going to learn the horam
because it'll give us a lot of stockpile
room. It is quite expensive, but I think
it's worth it. It provides health as a
service. So many workers available. Yes.
It's exactly what we want, right? The
horm. You know what? I would actually go
quite nicely right here. I'm going to up
the belonging in my city and the
creativity because those are my two
weakests. Keep it. Try to keep the weak
stuff high. The high stuff weak. Request
from a faction. Decrease of the sends.
So, what is that? Increases the esteem
satisfaction of four every cycle. I
don't know what that means. I kind of
get what it means, but I don't know what
it means. You know what I mean? What
does increase the esteem satisfaction of
four every cycle? Like I don't I don't
fully understand what that means. So I'm
just not going to click it because I
want to save my gold. I'm a resource
hog. Ah, we are at our resource limit
for stone. So that tells me I'm probably
okay to get myself a second stonemason.
You know what I also need? I need more
clay. So let's have a look at the Can I
press six for resources? So we want to
find somewhere we can get a decent
amount of clay. There's a clay spot over
here, which means I'm going to need to
improve my surveyor cabin, which
requires more
clay. Chicken and the egg. an allegory
for my life right now. Trade routes, the
reserve, state, all clear. Okay, that's
kind of cool though. You got a whole
screen that's like dedicated to
different resources. I think we have all
of our service buildings. I'm kind of
curious about like Oh, we could get the
Circus Maximus, the cultural building
closest to the wonders does not
deteriorate with the passage of
time. Now, that would be sick if we were
to put a really strong cultural building
next to it. I definitely want to build
the circus maximus. I guess I need to
improve my clay income. Can I strip some
clay here? Let's demolish these ruins
and then we'll play around with taxation
to make everyone like me more. Okay, I
have a cultural character so I can sell
wood, right? Oh, wow. I could sell like
the city cannot buy as many resources.
Okay, hold on. What if I sold 100 wood
and 100 stone? Okay, what if I sold 150
stone? So, that's too much. 125. Okay,
what about 125 wood? 120 wood. 115.
Okay. Okay. Okay, so this is the maximum
trade route that we can do. Well, let's
just hit the max. Ah, I see. If I buy
things, I can sell more. Now, I don't
think I need these. I make tiles. I
guess I could get tiles. Like, what if I
wanted all 58 or or all their tiles?
Let's say I could just sell like what
are we over? We're over by a bit. So,
let me say
250. 250. We just do a little bit of
clicking to balance this deal. Perfect.
So, we'll buy a bunch of their ceramics.
I'm g sell a bunch of our stuff. Yeah,
we'll do that trade. Wait, is this an
every cycle or does it just happen once?
I hope that only happens once because
otherwise I'm gonna run out of resources
real fast. Uh oh, need clay so bad. You
know what? I'm going to pass I'm going
to pass external recruitment at max
rank. 500 gold. It'll get me plus one
migration per um tick. I would also like
to improve quarry production. Oh, that's
quite expensive. All right, we're
improving this. Decree was accepted.
Awesome. So, we should get a lot more
migration now, which will allow me to
place more buildings. 14,000 clay.
That's huge. Let's build another
rampart. We can build a nice one over
here, I think. So, every time you add a
rampart, it gets more expensive to add
ramparts by 20%. That's fine. I still
think it's worth it. Okay, let's take a
look at the culture. I think I want to
save up for the circus maximus. Yeah,
I'm saving up my blueprints. So, we
could do another trade route or we could
unlock a trade route. Now, I don't
remember what I needed to clay for. Have
I built the station? No, I don't think I
have. Let me take a look at this tech
tree here. Oh, the castroom is actually
pretty damn good. It's got 600
attraction. I'm going to buy the
castroom and I'm going to build it. And
I think my goal is to try to build the
circus maximus adjacent to it. So, we're
just waiting for a little bit of wood.
They want me to do a curfew. No, thank
you. Don't care. So, how are we looking
on this front? Yeah, we're we need clay
to upgrade this, but we're mostly locked
on population. I think the circus
maximus can go over here. What are you?
You got 200 wood. Let's demolish you.
And you can see demolishing buildings
costs gold. And so that's why gold is
really important. I'll put a new cutting
camp on the edge of the city. Capture
those resources. And then I want to
build the castrum where this used to be
right here. And I definitely feel like
we need more belonging and probably a
steam. Boom. Let's go. Making the city
happier. Making the city better. Okay. I
would like another stone. Well, I would
want to upgrade these actually. I want
to make sure the stonemason gets
improved. The carpenter's already level
two. I would like another stonemason.
I'll put you right there. And then I
would like another carpentry. I have the
resources to afford the circus maximus
or at least to unlock it. Now, how much
to build it? So, I'm low on stone, clay,
and sand. So, clay is the big one. Maybe
I'll get another small quarry over here
to just get an absurd amount of clay.
And it's probably a good idea if I get a
second sand quy as well. Like 12,000
sand over here. So every 10 cycles we
get 100 clay. We need how much? I'm
going to pass a decree for better clay
production. Let's wait for me to turn
gold into clay. It'll last 100 cycles.
Especially cuz we have a brick work
that's eating some of the clay. I'm even
going to get myself another quarry in
here. Just need a lot of clay to build
these wonders. And then while we have
while we have that thing running, get
ourselves another quarry for even more
uh sand. Boo. Sand data up. All right.
Hoplights, we need to start taxing you.
The helios, we need to tax you. The
merchants attire
taxation. You're all going to start
getting taxed now. We need, I believe
it's 500 gold to build a circus maximus.
We're almost at our next assessment and
we're only just squeaking by. I don't
know how to tell what my resource points
are. We need 20,000. I have 34,000.
Okay, wait. No, we we squeaked by
perfectly. The satisfied population. Oh,
shoot. We're not hitting it. I know what
I need to do. I need to build the
religion buildings. Shoot. Religion.
Religion. Religion. By. Here's what I
can do. I can pass a decree to improve
happiness for a few cycles. We just do a
little What's the lowest one? Belonging.
All right. We'll pass a little belonging
decree. Yeah. Weekly ceremonies. We'll
just do a quick one. Just a little just
to try and squeak over the line. Two
cycles and then we get assessed. Oh, I
think we failed. No. Damn it. We were so
close. Oh well. Okay, we need to build
the religion building. The escapulum. I
don't mind putting that over here. Let's
make sure we're dealing with creativity.
Two lowests. I probably could have
pumped up my satisfaction by doing this.
Oh yeah. Expand like increase this
satisfaction. Increase this
satisfaction. Increase all the
satisfaction. Produce more clay. Uh,
actually, we're on the road to um to
glory here. There's only 700 wood left
in this range. Won't be much left now.
800 left in here. Yeah, we're going to
need to get some more wood cutters, but
I want to get this wonder first. So,
yeah, we got a district that has uh
barricaded themselves in, which is not
ideal. We can improve our villa. Well, I
would love to improve the villa. I want
this so much more. What if we What if we
improve the villa? You know, let's
improve the villa. Family heritage 5
rewards. You have access to the manual
age change. To advance to the next age,
you can wait until the end of the cycles
of your current age or click on the
corresponding button on the main screen.
So many cycles have passed since they
settle on these lands. So we can change
age. However, that would cause another
district to close. And if a district
closes, if you if you get six closed
districts, you lose the game. So
finishing right now is not ideal because
we want to we want to hit this 2,000
population satisfied and the um well
more building points. I think we I think
we avoid that for now. So we're going to
have to wait for a lot of gold unless we
sell something. You can expand. Let's go
ahead and do a trade route. What could
we sell? We have a decent number of
bricks. Oh, I don't have a commercial
character to do that. That's okay. Yeah,
food's a problem. Okay, I'll build a
surveyor cabin. Sort of. Must be outside
of the swamp. Let's improve you. And
then we'll look to maybe build a farm up
in this zone. All right, perfect.
Surveyor cabin is complete. We can get
one as far out here as possible to
maximize the reach of my city. And we'll
be able to build a farm over here where
there's nobody in the way. Our stone
reserve is full. It's understandable.
All right, let's set up the new farm on
the edge of town. Like so. We definitely
need more wood. Let's destroy this ruin.
4,000 wood plot right here. Perfect.
You're cutting this area. We could
probably get another cutting camp in
there somewhere. Here's a
7,000ish. There we go. We'll get it
right there. Well, no, that's not quite
enough. We want to get that really,
really, really high. There we go. 6,300.
That's a perfect number. Now we're just
waiting on the gold for the circus
maximus. Panam and cersensus. What is
panam and census? Esteem satisfaction.
You know, you're fine, man. I want that
wonder. I also want to build a
mausoleium at Helakarnasses. If I could
build two, that would be amazing. But
before I build the mausoleum, I'm going
to want to build a um a really good
building next to it like the the unlock
the domus and then save up for the the I
suppose. While we're waiting for that,
we may as well build the domus. Now,
what does the do again? This gives
esteem satisfaction. The
satisfaction. The satisfaction. Um, I'll
put it right over here near this old
wood cutting camp. I'm just going to
demolish this. It's a 200 wood left. H.
You know what? Let's Let's make sure we
maximize our output. We take a few
cycles. We can afford it. We just need
the workers. Okay. How do I get more
workers? Well, one of the ways to get
more workers is to delete old buildings.
So, I actually am going to delete this
earlier. Oh, it is not work. Why is this
costing me 68? Damn it. Trade route. We
have a surplus of stone and a surplus of
bricks. So, let's sell 80 bricks, 80
stone. Well, let's cut how much we're
selling. We just want to get those
coins. Take 20 cycles before that coins
come to fruition. Now, where did I build
this? Can I attract a faction here? Only
three pops in there. This is the best
place to attract it, unfortunately. Now,
let's make sure we do not tax those guys
so they can uh improve their happiness.
I need a lot of workers. What was this?
Okay, that's fine. I need a lot of
workers. So, I'm going to start reducing
the worker cost on some of these
buildings and demolishing old
demolishing old cutting camps. Hopefully
for a full refund. Okay. Yes, we can do
it. We can build it. We can build it. Oh
my god, it's
huge. That's so much bigger than I
thought it would be. Oh my
god. Holy Jesus. Where do I fit this
thing? Oh. Oh, mother of mercy. I do
kind of like the idea of it being along
the the river like dude. And like if you
come across the bridge, you got to you
got to go around the tip. Now, this is
kind of epic. I was not expecting this
thing to be this absolutely massive.
Gigantic. Part of me wants it to look
out into the river. Can I do that? Can I
have it go this way? Oh, there's not
enough room. Dude, I didn't think it was
going to be this big. That is ginormous.
I should maybe demolish this cutting
camp. Let me let me take a look at the
resource map mode that I'm not screwing
myself with some of these resources cuz
there is sand on this beach and clay
over here. N you know what? It's fine.
We should be able to fit them in. All
right. You're looking out onto a swamp.
Takes 150 to build. Oh, damn. Well, if
we want to build the mausoleum, we need
to get a move on. We're probably not
going to be able to build a mausoleium.
That's okay. What we can do is unlock
some new stuff. Okay. Okay, so now I can
start to see why maybe having faster
construction speed would be quite useful
cuz you would get this like 30 cycles
sooner if you had better construction
trade route. Let's unlock this. That's
worth one gold every five cycles. And
then what can we sell? We could sell
some sand. We have a decent amount of
sand. So if I sold like 500 sand, you
cannot afford that. Okay, what if I sold
you like 250 sand and like 10 tiles?
How's that? Thank you. We need more
buildings. That is for sure. And we need
more satisfaction. So, the big thing is
probably to unlock these aapulum
buildings, the religious buildings. My
goodness. I'm going to build another one
of these because I want the um the
belonging and the creativity. Those are
both quite important to me. Now, there's
a few unsatisfied citizens. We're going
to need to deal with that and probably
involves building a decent number of
these a scapulum. We're also probably
going to want to pass decrees at around
the like thousand5 mark. Let's get
another a scapulum. Wondering if I can
squeeze it in here. Oh yeah, I can.
What's our attraction looking like? This
is our district filter. You can kind of
see the different sectors of the city.
You know, a lot of the legionaries,
equities sort of people living in here.
See the attraction filter. Interesting
that this attraction is like maybe it's
because these are overpopulation. We got
a request pickaxe strengthening. We'll
skip that. We have unlocked the templum.
So if we go here, we can buy this. And
soon we shall make the temple. Dude, I
cannot wait until this thing finishes.
Look at that. That is so huge. That is
ridiculously big. That's what your mom
said. I need so much. We found a ruin. I
said we just destroy it. I like to
harvest souls. Where's the templum? Here
we go. I want to build a templum. Oh,
what is this? You can expand your
territory. I mean, I don't see a reason
not to let them expand their territory.
I feel like that's just strictly a good
thing for me because it means they make
more stuff that I can tax. What are you
on? Put a little temple over here on
this side of the city. This provides
belonging and something else. Probably
go with creativity again cuz those are
my two weakest stats. Trade route. Let's
unlock this one. These provide passive
gold. So, I do think it's a good idea to
unlock these. It just provides a little
bit of cash and it also improves the
variety of things we can sell. Like
here, we're maxed out on clay. Uh, why
don't you go ahead and buy 200 clay from
us? Or even
30und and a little bit more. Yeah, you
guys could afford this. Boom. Give me
that money. Now we're cranking out that
trade cash flow. We've got
blueprints flying around. I'm sad I
wasn't able to build the mausoleum in
time for the end of this age. I will
maybe start the construction to see if
it overflows onto the next age. I'm also
going to use the political system here.
I want to increase the sense of
belonging. And that is the this one
here, weekly ceremonies. I'm going to
max that out. 500 gold. I could corrupt
these guys a little bit and they'll
happily support this. So now we'll get
really good belonging. There we go.
Decree accepted. We'll probably want to
get more of those decrees going, but
that will help us get more belonging. It
should increase over time. I think
that's basically how that works.
Increase your satisfaction. Satis satis
satis satis satisfaction. So we can't
upgrade this yet because we need steel.
We can't produce steel and we need gold
leaves which you can't prod produce yet.
Probably like a next age thing. We could
do another trade route. And the more
trade routes we we run, the more we can
just pump out decrees. There's the
wooden beams. And since we just got a
bunch of cash, we can run another decree
like creativity satisfaction. Make sure
we corrupt these guys so they know they
play along. I need to have 2,000
satisfied people and more buildings. All
right, let's have a look at the
political buildings. I have a domus. I
have a Forum. I have a Hela. I do not
have a Thurma. Let's build a therma.
What does that What does that take
again? Oh, it's good. It's really good.
Pop it up over here. I think belonging
and creativity are going to be our
secondary effects on this. I think
that's important. Using all of our pops.
Oh, dude. The wonder is so close to
finishing the wonder. The wonder. There
we go. Okay, we're so close to
satisfying the population. The building
requirements is a little bit harder. Can
I build myself
another what was it called again? Therma
requires a little bit more workforce.
Can I reduce the workforce enough? Come
on. I just need like one more pop. There
we go. Put it near this farm. What are
building points? Magnificent buildings.
Got it. Well, I'm I'm building a wonder,
so hopefully that's worth a few building
points. Oh, it's about to be finished.
It has an attraction of 900. That is
insane. Can I Can I Can I Can I unlock
the mausoleum? Can I build the
mausoleum?
Yes, dude. I think I think that just
pushed us over the requirements for
everything right before the end of the
age. Damn. I kind of want to do like an
optimized run where we build every
wonder. That would be that would require
some serious optimization. But look at
that. People are already building houses
around it. Like that's how important and
good this is. People are celebrating in
here. They're having a carnival. Oh, all
these things are satisfied. Amazing.
Here we go. It's the end of the age.
Uh, scadoo. Everything around you is
changing. You sense a new era is
approaching. So, it's a change of the
age. We got a little cinematic here. I
like this. This is cool. This is really
cool. Oh, it's going through all of the
um achievements that we did. There's the
arena, the forum. Oh, that is sick. The
circus maximus, the Okay, the threat
from Macedonia and we can condemn Rome
or the Hellenic kingdoms. If we condemn
Rome, we get safety and belonging on the
Corinthos trade route or we can get a
bunch of res. I'm going to take those
those free stats. End of the age
evaluation. I see. Okay. So, you get
mid-age evaluation. We failed this one,
which is sucks. And so, this is the
explanade. This is the evaluation of our
ability. And now we go to the we
continue to the preservation. And now we
can spend me
memorialopolis points, memory points on
preserving things. So, this is
automatically preserved because I
believe it's the closest thing to this
maybe. So, some cultural buildings are
protected by wonders or factions. So,
what is this? For each cultural building
left abandoned, factions of the same
culture lose power. Okay, so I
definitely want to unabandon this
district. Now, what do I want to keep?
Well, I mean, I have four. I have 12
points to spend. So, let's keep this big
building. We'll keep this big building.
This one's in a prime location as well,
so we'll keep that. You're in a great
loca. You're in a great location, too. I
don't like that my religious people are
losing so much. So, I'm going to keep
this this building. And then if I split
this point with this point, that way
everyone got a little bit of something.
All right. The religious people are
going to suffer the most, but there's a
little bit of preservation. Oh, shoot. I
get to pick a new destiny because I've
completed this natural because I've
completed this age. I get to pick a new
dude. Building construction costs
reduced is crazy. Buildings require
fewer workers is even the more insane
thing because now I could just build
more stuff for my entire Oh,
damn. And now we're entering into the
Middle Ages, dude. Okay, this one takes
1,800 cycles. And now I get to place a
castle too far away from a family
heritage or a wonder. So I could start
building a new sort of zone town over
here. Like this is the old town. you
can't place it on buildings, build the
castle like further in on the mountain
side sort of a thing. It's like yeah,
now we we went deeper in as a result of
like the expansions or we could
like we could set up a new a new
medieval town over here. Oh, shoot. I
like the idea of setting up like the new
like there's like a little hill here.
This is like a pretty defensible
location. It's right up against a
mountain. There's something about this
that I like. Like I know it's not
happening in the game, but I'm just kind
of like I'm imagining the the castle
being backed up on the mountain slightly
maybe. You know what? I actually I feel
like that works better if I do it in
here. I feel like that just works better
in here. So now we've got a castle.
Pause. I don't want to I don't want time
to go ahead. What's going on here is
this building has an attraction radius.
And we've got all the classic abilities
here, but we've got a new tech tree, new
production buildings, new tiers of
production buildings, new cultural
buildings. We can upgrade the proximity
stuff. Well, the most important thing is
probably to upgrade the um the
architectural office. Oh, damn. I don't
Can we build another one? No, you can
only build one architectural office, but
we definitely want to increase that
production. Information, safety, and
attrition zones. So, I can demolish
buildings or repair them. Okay, that's
interesting. So, I can still repair all
these buildings or I could let them fall
to ruin and demolish them and and sort
of replace them with the modern new
versions which are more efficient though
more expensive. Oh man, that is so cool.
No time. Don't be going. And we do get
to keep the mausoleium because we
started it. Oh, dude. That is so cool.
We have so much workforce freed up.
Dude, this game is kind of blowing my
mind right now. It's a really it's a
really satisfying and interesting puzzle
game. And uh yeah, if the video does
really well, we'll probably we'll
probably do a follow-up where we
actually play this Middle Age. Um I want
to thank you guys very much for
watching. I love you all very much. And
I'll see you guys next time. Don't
forget to check out the game. There's a
link in the description. I love you all.
Bye-bye.
[Music]