I spent the entire day playing the
Nintendo Switch
[Music]
2 and it
sucks that I had to leave and I don't
have one anymore. I want to talk about
my whole experience because I played
everything today. I pinged around that
building so quickly in the two hours
that I had for an allotted slot and it
is baseline. Before we continue, I need
you to know sick. And I know that we're
dealing with a lot right now. The prices
of things are insane. I made a video
about that. Now, it looks like it might
get even worse. So, here's what I'm
going to do today. I'm not going to
worry about that. We'll let future me
and future us worry about it. I'm just
going to talk about this thing, the cool
experience that I had and why I think
it's
the Sorry, don't leave that sound in.
This was the Nintendo Switch to New York
day one hands-on experience that was
part of the raffle, the generic public
raffle that we all entered. I actually
somehow won. There were loads of content
creators that were actually invited by
Nintendo to go the day before. I saw I
Justine. I saw Philly beats you. I
didn't see me and I didn't see an email.
What I'm saying is people watching this.
I wasn't invited by Nintendo. I got in
by sheer dumb luck. And I really have no
skin in the game. I'm not being paid.
I'm not being influenced. I can say
whatever I
want. And I loved it. I just really
loved it. I'm really excited for you to
see this video. But there's something
else I'm really excited for you to see.
I knew years ago that when the Nintendo
Switch 2 came out, I wanted on launch
day to bring something back that a lot
of people have been asking for. And I
worked really hard at making this way
better than last time. Here you go.
[Music]
[Music]
There's been someone on Twitter, by the
way, that has pinged me like every day
for the last 2 months tweeting at wood
until the Satisfied Grip 2 is revealed.
All right, baby. This isn't it. This is
actually the first one, but if you
missed it, I released a Beatmups Satisfy
Grip like four or five years ago.
There's also a case, except this time
it's way
[Music]
[Applause]
cooler. Here it is. And look, it's got
an indent of beatm ups this time. And
the pull tabs this time are my logo.
This time the grip is fully dockable,
which means you can also use the
kickstand without taking the grip off.
And there's two slots in the handles at
the back to put in two video games.
These mean so much to me. The first time
we released the grip in the case, they
sold out in a day. So this
time, I'm just going to keep selling
them. And if you want to get one, you
can pre-order one. Links down below. And
you also get 20% off if you pre-order it
using code beatmups 20. This is like the
coolest thing I do. I I have no other
merch. I never do shirts or hats or
anything. I only do things when I think
that they're special. And this is
special. There'll be a link down below.
Uh man, how cool was that trailer
though? That was I brought my
friend Bob along and I got to give a
huge thank you to one of my viewers who
didn't want to be named but reached out
and gave me a QR code, an extra QR code
that happened to be on the same day at
the same time as my session and I gave
it to
Bob. Why did I do that? It was like a
weird universal ride in a way. There was
all separated into sections. So, the
first section we walked into was almost
like a waiting room. And it had behind
the glass cases all of the accessories
and items that I would then spend the
next few hours playing with, as well as
a bricked Nintendo Switch 2. I don't
know what you want to call it, but it
wouldn't turn on. And this was actually
the only Switch in the whole building
that had the removable magnetic JoyCons
that you could mess around with, cuz
every other one were nailed in, bolted,
shut, locked down tight, so you couldn't
steal it. My brain went, "Can I yank off
these JoyCons? How strong is this
magnet? Now, I didn't get too much time
to try this, but the guy did say, "Have
at it." I found that when I grabbed the
Joy-Con from like the middle of the
frame and really yanked on it, that
suckers on there. I was putting some
weight behind it and I couldn't get that
thing to come off. And it's just really
cool to see that technology work. It
just feels really quality. In fact, the
whole thing felt way more quality. The
screen is insanely big and the new
camera was insanely small. It's
literally like this big. I don't know
why it's 50 bucks. It's so small. Also,
up close and in person, the Joy-Cons
look really nice. The color scheme, the
blue accent, the red accent. It really
is a very sleek and dare I say, sexy
looking console. And I don't I I might
be weird I even said that word, but I'm
not taking it back. I've never been at
anything like this before. It is crazy
how decked out the room is. Like there's
architecture, there's painted walls,
there's switch two signage, there's all
of these booths. It's really cool. I
feel like I'm at Universal Studios right
now. Like it's really done up.
Everyone's so Everyone's having a good
time. After a little bit, we get ushered
into the first actual game floor and it
was all Mario Kart. And Bob and I, we
got pitted against each other one v one.
I of course went straight to the cow. I
came second, Bob came first. But we
don't got to worry about that. What we
got to worry about, we were playing
Mario Kart in 1080p at 120 frames. We
also got to play handheld here. And
handheld being full resolution 1080p,
it's flawless. Like, it's honestly a
flawless experience when you're playing
it handheld. TV is much of the same. The
HDR looks so nice. And I've seen people
saying this online on Twitter and I
really want to echo it here. I think
this really high pixels per inch LCD
bigger screen with HDR actually is
producing better colors and visuals than
the OLED. Where the OLED has an
advantage is just in those deep rich
blacks. But I think just in general this
screen looks so much nicer. After we
were done with our aotted time in this
section, they shuffled us upstairs
into another Mario Kart room. But this
room was crazy and it was the battle
royale room and they put 24 of us on one
side, 24 on the other side and then both
sides of the rooms competed in a 24
Mario Kart battle royale where it was
one straight crazy course and there were
these checkpoints you had to race to. So
the first 20 people to hit that
checkpoint and keep going and then the
four losers, the four suckers, they
don't get to keep playing. Also, this
battle royale mode is the first time
today I'm using the new Pro Controller.
It's really nice, really great, not that
different. I mean, the old one's
perfect. What are you going to do? And
unfortunately, um, the guy that has a
channel all about Switch uh, lost
immediately. I didn't even qualify in
the first 20, but I was a little busy. I
was trying to get my glasses to record
and I was trying to film in my phone and
I didn't realize that I had to be quick
and I realized way too late and got
knocked out. But I took it as an
opportunity to go over and film Bob and
Bob did great. I'm I'm going really hard
right now but I am not going to be We
had a really nice lady over there and
she was like, "You lost, but did you
have fun?" And I was like, "I guess." He
almost won. He got to like the last 10.
But this mode is so creative and cool. I
really do love the idea. But a couple
other things I really liked about the
game that I found out is when you're
racing in the standard cut mode, after a
race ends, you then race to the next
course and then do the course because
it's open world and all the Mario Kart
courses are like situated in the actual
world. Yeah. After a course ends, it
doesn't just automatically move you over
to the next one. It's part of the race.
Oh, also something I should mention.
You'll see in the footage while I'm
filming this guy, really nice guy. He
has a YouTube channel as well and he had
a camera with him. We were intrigued by
that because we were told we weren't
allowed to bring cameras in. So
everything you're seeing was recorded on
my iPhone. It's not a great
representation of the actual quality of
these games. Like I've been watching it
back and some of my clips look really
good, but it's all recorded off a phone
pointed at a screen. Don't think any of
this footage is like raw recordings or a
final quality of anything. It's
literally just off of my iPhone. The
next room was by far the best part of
the entire experience because they gave
us 2 hours in this room to do whatever
we wanted and they had everything in
here. The first thing that we ended up
kind of beling to was there was this
back section that said mature gamers
only and I wanted to know what was in
there and it turns out it was Yakuza and
Cyberpunk. You might know this if you've
been watching me for a while. One of my
biggest videos was my review of
Cyberpunk. I followed every website,
trailer, announcement, anything for that
game for over a decade. And the game
that I got was not the game that I
wanted. And I made a pretty intense
video about that. And then Cyberpunk and
CD Project Red, they listened to
everybody's criticism and went on to fix
the game over the years. And now I never
played it. It's kind of crazy now that
I'll get to do it again. And I will.
I'll play it again, review it again, and
this time it's on Switch. So, it's a
real full circle moment. And then the
community manager for CD Project Red,
who's been working at CD Project for the
last 10 years, came up to me and said,
"Hi, Wood. I've seen your video." I had
an immediate like moment of, "Oh no,
should I go?" Like, community manager
for Senior Project. Hi, I'm Marching.
Nice to meet you. This guy was awesome.
He was so nice. I asked him about the
video. He said, "Of course, he's seen it
and he understands it." He thought it
was completely fair and that everyone's
entitled to their opinions. And clearly
there was something to it because they
went on to try and fix the game. So it's
not like I was off the mark. Know if the
entire game is on the cartridge. Yes, it
is. The whole game. Yes. We specifically
went for the highest capacity. So 64
gigs. Wow. That's awesome. Even though
technically this game would run better
if you played it on a PC. For him the
Switch version is the most fun to play
because of how intuitive the motion
controls are. Look at how much they've
worked. And it was the first thing that
Bob noticed even without being told. He
was messing around with the gyro a
little bit and said, "Wow, this feels
really good." But it's not even the gyro
that he was talking about. It's the
mouse controls and the actual Joy-Con
gyro controls. So, that was a lot of fun
to play around with. And I'll say that
the game looks incredible on the
console. The only giveaway is still the
hair, and it kind of gives it away that
you're playing it on something that's
maybe getting its GPU pushed to the
limit. But other than the hair,
everything else looked phenomenal. I
wanted to know like the frame rates and
stuff like that for a big game like this
to see how it would compare to like the
Steam Deck version. And he said it's
been tailor made for the Switch to
hardware. It's utilizing all its
features that we can to get the best
performance, get the best experience. In
quality mode, we're targeting 30 FPS and
in performance mode, we're targeting 40
FPS. It looked fantastic and I'll say
that the 30 frames was super consistent.
It's just not my favorite. Still not the
best, but even games like Monster Hunter
Wilds runs at 40 frames in the balance
mode on PlayStation 5, and that extra 10
frames does go a long way at smoothing
out the 30 frames. But it is a game that
historically does not run well on
handheld consoles. So, the fact that
it's even running as well as it is on
Switch 2 is pretty impressive.
Immediately as we walked out of the
mature content section, we literally
went the complete other way and walked
to GameCube content. Bob and I went
one-on-one on Soulcalibur. What do you
want me to say? It's Soulcalibur. It was
awesome. I played as Link and I beat
Kill. That's how you know I'm good. Bob
also had me turn on the CRT scan line
features that make it look like you're
playing on an old TV back in the day. I
turned it off when I tried Wind Waker.
And let me tell you, you guys are going
to love it. It's Wind Waker, but like in
4K. This is just the straight GameCube
version, but honestly, this game is
timeless, ageless. the HDR, which by the
way, you still get when you play Docked.
And the HDR was HDRing while we were
playing Wind Waker. Also, I got to use
the Gamecube controller here. It's a
GameCube controller. You probably know
what to expect. The only differences are
there's a ton of buttons at the top.
They put the capture button up the top.
Other than that, it was a normal
GameCube controller. Usually, it would
be wireless, but here it's plugged in,
so I don't steal it. And to be fair, I
was thinking about it even though both
Bob and I had a lot of fun today and we
had a couple highlights and we haven't
even got to one of them yet. Metroid
Prime 4 was probably the one that Bob
and I kept talking about for the rest of
the day. I played Metroid Prime 4 today
in 120 frames. It felt like I was
sitting at a high-end PC. This was the
moment where I really realized,
especially after coming off of
Cyberpunk, my immediate impression of
some of these games is that just like
with the Switch, the Nintendo made
games, the first party games, they're
going to look phenomenal and play
insane. And the third party big games,
kind of like how we had Witcher, they're
going to try their best to utilize the
hardware, but people are still going to
have complaints, I think, about some of
those experiences. That's not to be
negative because ultimately being able
to play them portable is in most cases
is worth making in my opinion. But
coming from that 30fps Cyberpunk to the
120 fps Metroid, I mean it was whiplash.
The biggest thing here that you might be
wondering when you switch between the
mouse mode and then pick it up. Seamless
transition. So this is how instant mouse
mode is. You see the little reticle in
the middle? Oh, that's how that's how
quickly it knows that you're doing mouse
mode. It is completely seamless. So Bob
wanted to go and play this pack-in game.
I got to be honest, no interest from me
whatsoever. So I left him to that and I
walked down the aisle a little bit and
at the very end was Hogwarts. Now I
know, not everybody's favorite game, but
the Switch One version was notoriously
pretty rough. I mean, this was one of
the most ambitious Switch ports we ever
got, and for that alone, I do appreciate
what they tried to do. So, this was one
that I was really curious in checking
out just because it's such a one forone
comparison for what the new Switch 2 can
do. And I'm going to sound like a broken
record, but holy moly, visually really
nice, really good. I was even flying
around the world for a little bit, and
it is honestly quite I've used the word
baffling, bizarre, awesome. For this,
I'll say impressive. After that, I
walked back to Bob and saw him playing
the pack-in game and he was kind of just
walking around a little Joy-Con and then
he played this game where he had to
guess the frame rate. What a game. It's
cool that it shows you all the cool
stuff that the Switch can do, but put in
the box. I find it funny that this is
even a thing Nintendo are doing. And
it's weird because, how do I explain
this? Every time Nintendo makes a new
console and then they do the pack-in
game or whatever game it is that kind of
uses the hardware's new gimmicks, it's
just that like Wii bowling for the Wii
motion controls. Nintendo Land with
everything that it did. You get it? But
this time around, it seems like the
gimmick for Nintendo is 120 frames and
how many pixels we've got and 4K. cuz I
even saw him playing a little mini game
in here where as he was going along in a
Mario world, he was like getting bigger
and bigger pixel resolution on the
screen and it was telling you what the
resolution was. So these like mini games
that usually are about the hardware's
gimmicks, the gimmicks were look at the
frames. Why I think this is funny is
because I think Nintendo thinks this is
the gimmick when it's just normal. Not
really a gimmick to be honest. And if I
can be a little critical, neither is the
PlayStation 2 eye toy. A mouse that was
on every 90s computer ever and game
chat. Like I wasn't sat in a ventrillo
server 15 years ago with my high school
friends. Oh gosh, it would have been
more like
20. The Switch 2 is cool. It's just
funny that the gimmicks this time around
are all old things. I didn't get to play
the uh I hate calling it the wheelchair
game. I apologize, but you know what I
mean. But I did film people playing it
and they seemed like they were having
fun looking down the line and seeing all
of them slap their little Joy-Con hands
cuz they were all wheeling around the
game and I like that at the end they
were all clapping their hands. That game
honestly kind of slaps. I just think
it's ugly. Tears of the Kingdom Breath
of the Wild. They gave you 5 minutes on
the handheld and 5 minutes on the
TV. My god. Very start of Breath of the
Wild. So, you get the whole shot where
you walk out of the cave and I'll say it
again, the HDR goes so hard and the
first thing you notice is the first
thing I noticed years ago when I
emulated Breath of the Wild 4K 60 frames
when you stand at the top of that little
mountain hill in the intro and you can
see the entire land of Hy Roll in full
HD clarity definition with draw
distances all the way back to the castle
and further. It really is jaw-dropping.
And to get it native on the handheld
console was really cool. And I got to
play on the TV for a little bit. And
when I say a little bit, I mean it. They
gave you 5 minutes. After Breath of the
Wild, we walked around and tucked behind
a back corner that we hadn't noticed
before was Mario Party Jamberee with the
camera. It was really lucky that we
walked over here actually because
neither of us realized we were
forgetting about that because I got to
be honest, neither of us I think I don't
want to speak for him really care about
the camera. I haven't thought about the
PlayStation 2 eye toy in a long time. I
didn't care for the connect when that
was a thing. So, seeing another camera,
wasn't really into it, but here it is.
And we played Mario Party Jamberee, me
and Bob versus two of the staff that
were working there, I felt so awkward
and dorky. I did not expect to have to
literally do a miniame here on the show
floor where the point is to make as much
body movement and noise as possible. Bob
and I were having to
scream in front of everybody. I was so
embarrassed. I have social anxiety. And
I would love Zach if we could slow down
the moment where we started screaming
the first time. I guarantee you there's
a couple of moments where he goes first
and I'm like, I guess we're doing this.
[Music]
We just played uh the Mario Party eye
toy game and it was thoroughly
embarrassing. I had a great time. But I
will say it was fun. I don't think it's
something I would do. I'm never playing
that again. I'm never doing it again.
But I could see kids really liking it.
The camera is goofy. It's really low
quality. I had a hard time finding where
I was supposed to stand with it. But it
worked. Well, actually, it No, it kind
of didn't. I'm giving it too much
credit. Bob was filming this on his
chest, so I'm not sure how much you
could see since he was moving around so
much. But the very first thing we had to
do was Bowser says, Simon says, and he
told Luigi, which was me, to squat. And
I squatted and it just didn't register
it. And then it told me to like keep
standing up and I didn't move. And it
also didn't register it. Maybe if it was
in my house and I was used to where I
was supposed to stand, but maybe I was
doing something wrong, I didn't realize.
But I mean, it was squat and stand and I
did both. All right, we're at the final
room. They made the peace to resistance
Donkey Kong. I've never really cared for
Donkey Kong. Like, not too much. The 2D
sidescrollers were never for me, and
I've never really enjoyed 2D platformers
all that much. I didn't really play
Donkey Kong 64. I was more of an ocarina
kid. So, I don't have really much banana
skin in the game, should I say. For me,
it was Mario Kart, Metroid, checking out
some of these third party things and how
it runs and mostly just playing with the
thing itself. But
[Music]
um Donkey Kong is freaking cool, man.
It's a lot like Mario Odyssey. But if
the entire world was like a 4D
playground, you can destroy everything.
And you can destroy even straight down
into the ground and the ground just
keeps going like mining down in
Minecraft. Just spamming the attack
button and just absolutely carving
through the side of a mountain or
carving through a cave is so satisfying.
And the guy said to me that the world is
filled with secrets from top to
literally bottom. Like he said that in
the time that they've been showing the
game off, people have found things they
didn't even know were in the game. And I
went over to Bob at one point to film
him playing the game. And I said, "Bob,
can you just where you are now, can you
just smash down?" And he smashed down a
few times and found a giant hidden chest
secret. Literally right there where I
told you to randomly smash down, you
found something secret. There are tons
of different collectibles that you can
get on the side of the screen and things
to look out for in every level. Gorgeous
game, too. When you press the minus
button, it brings up the map. and the
map like it zooms out in real time and
it shows you a real representation of
what's left of the world after you've
wrecked through it. It shows all the
damage that you've caused. It feels
nextG Nintendo. And I don't just mean in
the gameplay, but obviously the visuals
and the frame rates and the resolution
of it all, too. Like everything is
coming together to make this game feel
next gen Nintendo. It feels like going
back in time to 64 and playing Mario 64
for the first time and not really
knowing how to interact with the world
but rediscovering video games for the
first time. I hope I'm not overselling
this but everybody that was lining up
and playing were like wa like you could
hear wa wows. Everyone that recognized
me and Bob were like, "You're going to
love it. It was so sick. Oh my god." The
other thing is the redesign of Donkey
Kong. Watching him in this game, the
animation on on his face in just moments
where he's idling has so much character,
but then in the cutscenes and just the
way the animators have moved his face
and the expressions they've given him.
He's adorable. I absolutely love him.
And that was our experience. On the way
out, they gave us a cool sick ass bag. I
also got a lanyard and I kept my little
badge. I'll keep this forever. I'm so
happy that I got to go. I wish both Bob
and I got invited with the other
creators. I'm not going to lie. But I
got to tell you, the trade-off of that
was going to this event with the public.
And the public were so nice. Bob and I
met so many people today that recognized
me and him from the channel. It's good.
It's good to be liked. It's good to be
liked. And there was something so
wholesome and sweet and special about
the amount of people that were going to
this event cuz they love Nintendo and
they were excited to play the Switch 2
and then seeing a couple of YouTubers
that they like watching videos for. And
now all of a sudden it's like, wo, I got
to switch, too. And Bob Wolf is here.
Actually, you know what? Screw the
influencer day. I'm glad we didn't go on
that day. I'm glad we went today and we
got to meet all of you. And if you saw
us there, thanks so much for being so
sweet. Everyone we met congratulated me
on the baby, which by the way, I'm not
having the baby. Kim is, but I I know.
I'm just kidding. And it was so nice. It
was so nice. Well, the baby that I'm
having is my Satisfy Grip. So, no, I'm
No, the other baby is my baby. That was
a weird plug. But don't forget the
satisfied grip. Check it down below.
Okay, final thoughts. Um, it was all
sick, but what it feels like to me is
that awesome console that we've had for
the last 10 years finally brought up to
current day. finally able to do some
really awesome things like playing these
Nintendo games in insanely high frame
rates and resolutions with beautiful HDR
visuals and creative new experiences
using that hardware like Donkey Kong,
which has got me so excited for this
generation of Nintendo games. I can't
wait to see what they do with Zelda. I
can't wait to see where they take Animal
Crossing. I can't wait to see how they
utilize this new hardware. And if it's
any indication with Donkey Kong, we have
nothing to worry about. I know it's
expensive. And again, I know that
there's concerns around money. And this
video just I didn't want to make it
about that, but if you get one, you're
going to love it. It's sick. It's so
good. I hope you enjoyed this video and
a look at the Nintendo Switch 2.
Subscribe if you're new because I don't
know if you know this. This whole
channel is about this stuff. Like and
comment if you have something to say,
and I will uh I'll see you soon with
more Switch 2 stuff and other