Hey, folks,
I'm Andrei, also known as Meddler.
And I'm Jeremy, a.k.a. Riot Brightmoon.
Welcome back.
We hope you all had a wonderful
and happy holiday season.
And we're really excited
to welcome you to Season 2024.
Now, we're filming this video
in early November,
so anything that happens between now
and the start of the season
won't be covered in this video.
Today, we're going to be joined
by more folks from across the League team
to talk about some of the things coming in 2024,
like Ranked updates, new champions,
some information about Arcane Season 2,
and some updates on Esports.
Now, before we get started,
don’t forget that when you 
jump into a game in 5 days,
Summoner’s Rift is gonna 
look and feel a little bit different.
Get ready for some new objectives,
map changes, and updates 
to the core item system.
And as a reminder, 
Season Start cinematic
is gonna be releasing 
next week on January 10th.
Hey, everyone.
I’m Matthew Leung-Harrison, 
the lead gameplay designer for League.
I wanted to take a moment to talk to you
all about some of our thoughts on Ranked,
some of our learnings from the 
changes we made last year,
and what we want to do this year to help
make your climbs better for Season 2024.
Last year we added Emerald tier 
and increased LP gains
to help alleviate any pain from increasing
the number of Ranked resets each year.
And while we've seen an 
overall increase in match quality,
there were some side effects that moved us
away from where we want to take ranked.
We’ve seen much larger differences 
in visible ranks in games —
meaning many of you saw players 
with different ranks in your matches,
like a Plat player in a Silver game.
So we’re making some focused improvements 
on how the Ranked system
evaluates player skill to reduce these situations.
These changes will be going live when 
you start your Ranked climb next week.
The changes should help resolve 
some other pain points,
such as losing more LP than you gain,
even with a positive Ranked win rate overall.
And also help with differentiating between 
smurf accounts and new players.
As always, we’ll be closely 
monitoring these changes
as well as your feedback
to make adjustments as needed.
Best of luck on your climbs, 
and welcome to Season 2024.
Hi, everyone!
I’m Lexi Gao, aka Riot Lexical, 
the champions team lead.
And I'm Sope May, also known as Sopebox, 
Production Lead on the champions team.
We’ve been working on Skarner’s update for a while now,
and we’ve been polishing him up 
to be ready for his big day.
Meanwhile, he's getting ready for some fun, too.
Last time we talked about Skarner 
we showed his gameplay,
but we never really talked about his lore!
Skarner was a founding member of the Yun Tal 
where he helped guide and shape Ixtal
into the prospering region it is now.
He is, however, very suspicious of the outside world
and believes that Ixtal should be isolated to be safe.
And he will not hesitate to 
run down intruders to keep it that way.
We are currently finishing up Skarner’s VGU 
and we cannot wait for you to skitter across 
the Rift in the first half of the year!
After Skarner, we’re working on 
two other champion updates.
The first one is for a champion 
we haven’t talked about before
but plays a pretty big role in a show 
that maybe you’ve heard about...
Arcane!
We want to bring their Arcane version to the Rift
with updated visuals and VO,  while also 
giving some love to their gameplay.
You can expect to see them early next year, 
after the second season is over.
As for what comes after the Arcane-inspired VGU...
we're excited to announce that 
we’ll finally be tackling Shyvana.
She has a great theme and has become 
an iconic part of the League roster.
Thus, we’re thinking about refining 
and progressing who she is
and tuning up her gameplay
instead of a complete overhaul
on her narrative and themes.
Think more Udyr and less Skarner.
But we wanna be transparent about her timeline:
Shyvana’s VGU will not be released 
until 2025, after the Arcane VGU.
Okay, now on to the new champions!
We’ve been teasing a cute, smol ADC 
that will be swooping into the rift soon.
Meet Smolder, the Fiery Fledgling.
Look at our cute little son!
One of the goals we had for Smolder 
was to make a straightforward ADC.
As all of the recent ADCs we've released
are high skill champs or very non-traditional.
(Aphelios, Samira, Zeri, Nilah)
We want to fulfill the fantasy of a little dragon
who can focus on honing 
his fire breathing skills.
And while Smolder may be 
working on his skills,
his mom is never too far in the distance
and is always ready to make her appearance
when he needs her the most!
After Smolder, we’ll be heading further north
to cool off from all that dragon fire.
Our Vastayan solo laner is someone we’ve 
been wanting to bring to the Rift for a while,
but the last time we tried, the
development took a bit of a detour
and we ended up with... Sylas?
But not to worry!
The Champions Team is back on the case, 
and is focusing on making a new mid-range mage.
We have another champion in the works who
should be a familiar face to all of you.
but we’re going to hand things over 
to Riot Brightmoon and Meddler
to talk a little bit more about 
our new upcoming champion.
Last year, we shared that Arcane season 2
would be releasing globally this November.
Everyone at Riot is really excited by the show,
and we’ve been inspired to 
bring Arcane into game more.
We're excited to show you a small preview
of one of the things the League 
team's been working on.
So, the first bit of Arcane you’ll be seeing 
in League will be Ambessa Medarda.
She’ll bring Noxian domination to the Rift.
And much like how she is in the show,
she won’t be for the faint of heart in-game
Don’t let her large stature fool you, though.
She brings both strength and speed,
sidestepping attacks with surprising agility.
And Ambessa’s only the first piece 
of Arcane coming to League this year.
To celebrate Arcane Season 2,
we’ll have Arcane-inspired gameplay and a new VGU,
new skins, as well as a few other surprises.
I am so excited for the new season! 
I hope you are too.
Can we show them a clip?
Maybe just one.
Okay, okay, okay. One.
But... just a short one.
Hey, everyone.
I’m Evan Humphreys, aka Riot Revenancer,
the lead systems designer for the Motivations team.
We’re responsible for creating and maintaining
the various systems around the game, 
like loot, honor, and champion mastery,
which is what I’m here to 
talk to you all about today.
Champions are the most central part of League
and we love the dedication that a 
lot of you have to your mains.
We want mastering champions 
to be a meaningful experience
that lets you differentiate more between 
players who play a champion some
and players who play them a ton.
So, we’re uncapping the leveling system
and letting you show off exactly how 
much you play your favorite champions.
Levels 7-10 will unlock new versions 
of the mastery emote,
and after that we’ll add an evolving number
that displays your total mastery level from 11 and beyond.
And don't worry,
your current champion mastery points 
will carry over to the new system.
So if you’ve already grinded to 
Mastery 7 on your main,
there's no need to do it again.
And those of you with enough Mastery Points 
will even end up at higher levels.
We’ll be back again as we get closer 
to launch in the first half of the year
with more info on this updated system.
Hey everyone! I’m Eduardo “Cadmus” Cortejoso,
and I’m the team lead for 
Modes on League of Legends.
Hi! I’m Selina “ChooChooTrainnnn” Liu,
the delivery lead on the Modes team.
So last year we released Arena and we received
a huge amount of support from all of you.
We brought it back in December to test out
some changes and make some improvements.
We're happy to share, though,
that it's coming back again
in the first half of this year
with even more improvements.
Our goal for the next iteration of Arena 
is to increase champion diversity,
 improve game-to-game variance, 
and foster even more experimentation.
One of our favorite parts of Arena is the ability 
to play some fun and wacky combinations
that wouldn’t—and maybe shouldn’t—
work in Summoner’s Rift.
So we want to encourage that
with some more targeted changes
to gameplay and game balance.
The biggest change you’ll see
is that we’re increasing the number 
of teams from 4 teams of 2,
to 8 teams of 2, for a total of 
16 players in each game of Arena.
making Arena a …. 2v2v2v2v2v2v2... v2.
This means that you’ll face different teams more often,
have more chances at redemption,
and maybe get out early
or crush the competition
if you're really doing well.
You can also expect to see new Augments, new maps, 
and some other improvements 
that we’re still right now exploring.
Outside of Arena, we’re also bringing 
back more game modes this year!
URF will be back for Lunar New Year,
and then we’ll be following 
that up with One-For-All.
We’ll be sure to update you later in the year
about what modes are going to come out after that.
Oh, and one last thing.
Even with all the work
happening on Arena last year,
we still have something else
cooking behind the scenes.
We’re experimenting with yet another new mode
that, like Arena, will be a totally 
different take on core League gameplay.
But unlike Arena,
this will be a little bit more of a chill
way to spend time with your friends.
We don't want to spoil too much yet,
so we'll be back later 
this year to share more.
Good luck, have fun,
and we’ll see you in ARAM, Arena,
URF, OFA and TBD!
Last year, we spent some time behind-the-scenes
working on updating League’s 
anti-cheat and bot detection software,
as our current version had fallen behind the times.
This was compounded by the 
security breach earlier in the year,
which increased our vulnerability to botting and cheating.
And a pretty consistent piece of feedback 
that we’ve been hearing from you all
is the high number of bots in games,
disruptive smurfs in Ranked, 
and an increase in scripting.
We know this has been a pain point in League
so it’s something we’ve been working on fixing.
One of our goals this year is to maintain
and improve the competitive integrity
in all of your League games,
whether it's in Ranked or normals, Clash, Arena, whatever.
So in late February or early March, 
we’re bringing Vanguard to League.
Vanguard is our proprietary 
anti-cheat and anti-botting software
that’s been active in VALORANT since the beginning.
We've seen a huge amount 
of success in their ability
to catch and stop cheaters in their games,
and we expect to see similar results 
when we implement it in League.
Similar to VALORANT’s version of Vanguard,
League’s will run at the kernel level.
This is becoming standard for strong 
anti-cheat software in gaming,
as cheat and bot makers are quick to adapt.
If you don't run at this level, they will,
and thereby evade all of the anti-cheat software as a result.
Now, Vanguard offers us the ability for 
us to catch bots—and cheaters—
as quickly and effectively as possible.
It also gives us the opportunity
to do things like hardware ban offenders
and terminate matches
in which a cheater is detected.
Refunding loss of LP for everybody—
except the person cheating, of course.
Now, we know that there’s a question and concern
of data privacy around kernel level anti-cheat.
This is something that came up
with Vanguard in VALORANT as well,
and we want to take a moment
to tackle those concerns upfront here.
Vanguard does not collect or process
any personal information
differently from our current Anti-Cheat software.
We don't need or want to know anything
more about you or your machine other than
what is necessary to maintain integrity
when playing our games.
Now, if you already have Vanguard installed 
because you’ve played VALORANT,
you won’t need to do anything else 
and can continue as normal.
But if you haven't,
starting in a few weeks,
you’ll be required to install Vanguard 
in order to play League.
We know that this may be a meaningful change,
but we’re very confident it will lead to an 
overall better League experience for everyone.
We’ll be sure to communicate with 
you all as the changes go live,
and to let you know how 
things are going afterwards.
All right.
We’re gonna hand things back 
off to the dev team now
for an update on some of the 
skins coming to League this year.
It’s like trying to craft a unique fantasy
where you can't have any kind of costuming
- on the stretch locations and like, the thighs
- Oh that makes sense.
- the knees, the elbows...
- so you're kind of isolated to the forearms.
Hey everyone!
I’m Stephanie “100 pc nuggets” Leung, 
the skins team lead.
And I’m Thomas Randby, also known as Riot Hylia, 
the concept art lead for skins.
Today we’re going to talk a bit about 
some of the upcoming thematics for League,
some of our goals for 2024,
and we’re gonna give you all an update on our ASUs.
But first, I believe we owe you 
an updated Prestige skin list!
- Yes we do!
- Ta-da!
Oh!
In the first half of the year, 
you can expect Prestige skins
for Rakan, Ezreal, Kindred, Evelynn, 
and Kayle in that order.
We'll be back later in the year
to give you all an update
on the second half of the year.
We also wanted to give you all an update on our two ASUs.
Lee Sin’s base is finalized, and we've been working
through his extensive skin catalog.
We spent a lot of time
testing out his animations
to make sure we didn't
impact his smooth gameplay.
and have been sure to similarly 
focus on this with his skins.
We’re really excited to put him—and his 
newly unbroken neck—into your hands.
And you can expect to bring 
him onto the Rift in early May.
We did want to give you a heads up that 
we have run into a few challenges with Teemo.
- Such as troublemaker.
- Mischievous.
Ugh, seriously.
His ASU is taking us a bit longer than we originally intended,
 and we’re currently figuring out our updated timelines.
But we’ll be back with an update later 
this year with a sweeper to let you know
when to expect an updated Swift Scout on the Rift.
All right.
Now on to the new and returning skin thematics of the year.
So first up, we're going to be celebrating
the Lunar New Year
with a brand new thematic called Heavenscale,
which pays homage to the 
rich cultural heritage of the holiday.
In the world of Heavenscale,
a curious court of deities take on human guises and descend
from their palaces in the clouds to 
see the mortal celebrations below.
So, Heavenscale’s design fantasy skews more heavily 
into ancient historical divinity and garments
in order to distance itself from 
our more modern takes on the 
Lunar New Year, like Lunar Beasts or Firecracker.
We wanted to preserve their majestic and beautiful designs,
while also keeping a fun and celebratory tone
in line with the spirit of the holiday.
We also have another brand new 
thematic coming up that delves
into a world where primal instinct reigns
supreme called Primal Ambush.
Primal Ambush draws heavy inspirations
from the refined skill of martial artists
and the raw, fierce strength of tigers themselves.
We wanted to show some love to our 
Southeast Asian players in particular with this thematic.
We really drew a ton of inspiration from that region,
the fashions of those cultures
where tigers naturally live and hold
a great deal of cultural significance.
We'll also have the return
of some established thematics like
Porcelain, recent favorite Faerie Court,
as well as some well-loved thematics we haven't visited
in a few years like PROJECT and Blood Moon.
And you can expect to see all of these
come out before summer this year.
We've also been taking a look
at some improvements
we can make outside of 
just what new skins we’re releasing.
So some of our older Legendaries, 
for instance, were released
before we started adding
content such as Legendary Borders.
So we're going to be going back
to add them to skins that missed out.
This includes skins such as Brolaf, 
Corporate Mundo, and Dragon Trainer Tristana.
Trist will actually be live in just a few days!
And finally, we have some skins
coming out for champions
who haven't had as much love in a little bit.
As of filming, Rammus is currently 
sitting “okay” in the 1000-day club,
and Olaf is hot on his tail.
All right. Well, that's it for us for now.
We're gonna hand things over to the esports team
who will give you an update
on the competitive side of League
that we definitely
should have been drafted for.
Yep, absolutely.
I’m Silver.
Silver 2.
I am Iron...
Hi, everyone. I’m Naz Aletaha.
And I'm Chris Greeley.
And we are so excited to kick off 
the 14th season of LoL Esports.
And we want to give you a look
at some of our plans for 2024.
So let’s start by talking about 
our global events: MSI and Worlds.
We want our international events
to have a strong regional representation
so that the best teams from each region
can fight it out on the global stage.
This year we're making it
so that there are three base slots
for the LPL, LCK, LEC, and LCS at Worlds.
With new ways for teams and regions to earn additional slots. 
The LLA, CBLOL, PCS, and the VCS
will have their slots remain unchanged.
And we’re keeping the same 
double elim format from MSI 2023,
but, we're going to up the stakes
even more this year.
For the first time ever, the winning team at MSI 
will be awarded a guaranteed spot at Worlds,
which also counts as an additional slot for their region.
And the next best performing region at MSI
will secure an additional world seed for their region.
Yeah, and we can't wait to see the increased
competition at MSI this year.
While we’re talking about MSI, we wanted to share that
this year’s MSI will be held from 
May 1st through the 19th in Chengdu, China.
This is the first time we’ve brought a 
global LoL esports event to this vibrant city
and we’re so excited to see the amazing 
crowds there cheer on their favorite teams.
And we’ll be back with more updates on 
MSI the closer we get to the event.
Last year in Korea, we announced that 
Worlds would be returning to Europe, 
with the Finals taking place in 
London, England at the O2 Arena.
Today we wanted to let you know where 
the rest of the tournament will be held.
Well, we’ll be kicking off Worlds in Berlin 
at our newly remodeled esports arena
for the Play-Ins and Swiss Stages.
Then we’ll head to the Adidas Arena in 
Paris, France for both Quarterfinals and Semi-Finals.
Fans brought so much energy to the Paris final in 2019,
And we’re really excited to see what you all do 
for not just one, but two stages of Worlds there.
Worlds will run from September 24th 
through November 2nd,
And we'll be back later this year
this year as we get closer to the event
to announce ticket sales dates.
Now, As we embark on the 2024 season, 
we’re proud to commemorate
14 remarkable years of LoL Esports.
Throughout this decade and a half,
we've witnessed pro players from 
around the world leave their mark,
displaying incredible resilience, 
mastery of League of Legends gameplay,
and inspiring millions of fans across the globe.
To celebrate those who have 
made a lasting impact on the game,
the sport, and the community and honor their legacies,
we are proud to introduce the 
LoL Esports Hall of Legends.
There are a number of pro players worthy of being inducted
into our unique version of a Hall of Fame.
So we've gathered an independent
voting panel of esports industry veterans
and experts from every region around the world
to vote and select our very first inductee.
Each year, those inducted into the Hall of Legends
will have their historic careers 
celebrated both IRL and in-game!
Now we're currently collecting 
votes and we'll be back
later this year to share more.
And finally, all of our regional leagues are gearing up
for the start of the 2024
competitive season.
You can tune-in on lolesports.com beginning January 13th
to keep up with all of your favorite teams and pros.
We can’t wait to watch the 2024 
LoL Esports season with all of you!
Good luck and have fun on your climbs,
and thank you in advance for tuning in and 
supporting your favorite teams and leagues.
Now, here’s Riot Brightmoon and Meddler to wrap us up.
All right, before we go,
we wanted to remind you that
we’re celebrating a special birthday for League this year
—we are turning 15!
We are so close to being able to finally drive a car...
Well, in the US at least.
But we're looking forward to celebrating
with you all later this year.
We're not doing new 
game announcements this time.
This year is all about League and 
celebrating our 15th birthday with all of you.
So look forward to the celebrations coming in October.
And, as a reminder, don’t forget to 
check out the dev blogs
that go into more detail on some 
of the topics we discussed today.
We’ll be back with our regular 
Dev Updates as usual after this video,
so we'll be seeing you soon!
Best of luck on your climbs,
and welcome to Season 2024.