Here's a player who's doing something really cool
His nickname is Sinatraa.
Overwatch was released in 2016,
and until Overwatch Season 2 when he was ranked 2nd,
he was an average student who played vasity
baseball for his high school.
But his parents wanted him
to pursue his passion, no matter what.
they often said that.
As a result,
Sinatraa dropped out of high school
and signed a $150,000 contract at age 17.
Overwatch Season League Champion, MVP at age 19.
Overwatch WorldCup Champion, MVP
He's won all of these titles.
However, in late April 2020
He suddenly announces
his retirement from professional Overwatch gaming
And his destination was
Valorant
Sinatraa started with Valorant in the early days
and worked hard to prepare for the tournament,
which led him to the top of the rankings.
There were so many stream snipers.
Even so, he was overwhelming in his skill.
And at the time of the first ever Valorant Masters,
Sentinels were just one day away from qualifying for the event.
And all of a sudden,
he's suspended from the competition.
His ex-girlfriend made this claim that she was sexually assaulted by Sinatraa,
The issue was later investigated by the police and ended with no charges.
But he had already been suspended from competition for six months
He was almost treated as guilty until the police investigation was over.
People terrorized his duo Shahzam's streaming.
Eventually he breaks down in tears.
The incident was big enough to make the news.
*Subroza saw the situation and react.
But thanks to a few users who stayed neutral,
he was able to reignite his dream of returning to the pro.
He stayed in the top 5 of the NA rankings for a while.
It was Eco round, but he carried with Ares
It was Eco round but he bought Spectre
And he fragged his team
POV: When you play against Sinatraa
However, it wasn't until April 2022 that the controversy died down.
During that time, Sinatraa's streaming grew dramatically.
On the other hand, as time went on,
it became less and less likely that he would ever return to the professional scene
Today, Sinatraa has lost all passion for being a Valorant pro player.
(*he also turned down $144k salary offer)
Here's what a pro player had to say about him.
*He is 3rd generation Korean-American
and his real name is Jay Won (Wonju Won)
Thanks for watching today's video.