There's a streamer who's popular overseas
Subroza was a professional CSGO player for over five years before starting Valorant.
However, unlike his current popularity,
he was hated by many users at the time for cheating.
Like the tournament clip I showed you earlier, it's on YouTube as proof that he's cheating.
The accusations against him continued throughout his professional career
It's one of the reasons he decided to become a Valorant pro player as soon as Valorant Beta launched.
*This spot was named Subroza.
His team, TSM, won the tournament right after the Valorant released.
Four months later, Subroza's streams are starting to go viral
December 2020
For the first time ever, Valorant held a competition of its own
And Subroza, who was playing duelist for TSM, had trouble hitting Raze's ultimate throughout the tournament
TSM finishes 2nd in Competition
After the tournament, there was even a term for the Roza ultimate
[Situations where you'd say roza ult]
A year after he switched to Valorant
His streams averaged over 6000 viewers
*The Roza ult meme was still alive and well at the time
[His pulling out his ultimate makes others more anxious.]
It took him a year to hit the ultimate.
It took him a year to hit the ultimate. (Just kidding)
After mid-2021
He becomes known for his skill with Skye
His role in the competition has also changed.
Even now, it's too good of spray transfer.
Skye's technique of not popping the flash right away was also popularized by roza.
Around the same time, he became popular for being both a Radiant pro player and an entertainer.
[Subroza caught Stream snipers]
[He doesn't have a gun, so he's trying to get an orb.]
he usually plays against stream snipers and trollers, It made him lose his mind.
2022
His streams were entertaining, which helped him gain a lot of popularity,
But, He also played so well that he was
ranked number one.
playing against Curry
he's playing with Skully
October 2022
roza announces that he's taking a break from his professional career, and he'll be streaming Valorant exclusively.
When his aim got better again
His time in CSGO was a rough one,
but today he continues to stream Valorant in a way that many people find entertaining.
Finally, here are some clips that I didn't show earlier, but enjoyed.
A similar clip from three months later
Thank you for watching today's video