There's a YouTuber who became famous for shooting a lot of Guardians
This user is named Fishychair.
Today, he has over 130,000 YouTube subscribers and
He has been famous for his Valorant videos since 2021
In the early days of Valorant, he was just a casual player,
but the nerf to the shotgun turned him into a YouTuber.
In the beginning, he reached Diamond Rank with Judge (Episode 1, Act 1)
But once he started using Vandal and Phantom, his rank became Silver
That's when he began to build his foundation as a Guardian (Episode 1, Act 3)
Three months later, he hits the Immortal rank and starts posting videos.
However, among the users using Vandal and Phantom, it was too difficult to just use Guardian
To achieve his goal of becoming a Radiant,
he needed to know his strengths and weaknesses
[He picked up a vandal and tried it out]
Firstly, using vandals and phantoms was not feasible
So, Fishychair starts to study the Guardian further
One, buying Guardian made it possible to get full armor with Gun for most rounds.
Second, Guardians had a long-range advantage over Vandals and Phantoms.
Guardian on the left / Vandal on the right
As he worked to make the most of these advantages, his crosshairs got better and better.
He thought he could beat the Vandals and Phantoms with the Guardian if he just stayed calm and shot the gun.
So he continued to use Guardian.
The opposing Raze used his ultimate.
And in fact, he wasn't just playing games during this time
His background was in electronic engineering,
and he spent his time at the university doing
lab work and teaching students
He took advantage of this and upgraded his streaming equipment as well.
He also made a video about his gun analysis of the Guardian in Valorant
So if you look at his playthroughs, you'll see a great understanding of guns
He kept the high DPS tasks to a minimum and
played to his advantage as much as possible.
Finally achieving Radiant
This is the result of his sincere efforts.
[It was a wall shot spot he had been studying]
[same here]
This time, he's using Sheriff
1vs4 situation
[Jett's updraft sound]
1vs5 situation
Currently, he has over 45,000 Guardian kills and
is recognised worldwide as a Guardian master.
Thanks for watching today's video