There's a professional player who's recently emerged from overseas
OXY has been a fan of Faker since he was a kid,
and he wanted to live the same life as Faker.
So he set the game's language to Korean and added LFT to his nickname
Late 2021
After a year of hard work,
OXY hits page 1 of the NA rankings
and begins to make a name as a ranked demon.
He was fearless even against the pros in the rankings.
No backup needed
Insane mechanics
However, it took a long time to see OXY in a big competition
*It was actually about five months.
LFT OXY is so good on the other side
Ranked games were difficult because of LFT OXY.
*Same nickname for a year at the time
2-on-5 Site Defense Situation
1v5 situation
December 2022
OXY finally makes it to the Tier 2 Pro team
The name of the team he joined is G2 Esports.
He remained at the top of the leaderboard before joining G2
Situations that prevent spike installation
Playing with confidence
Subroza against OXY
(Jett's Storm blade sound)
Tier 2 Competition
he played competitions like ranked games
He kept doing it like Rank, but it worked well.
The casters are actually having a good time
His play was filled with highlights.
He was angry before, and now he's cheering.
By early July 2023, OXY was playing for G2, gaining experience in competitive play and
reaching NA rank #1.
Tarik against OXY
Grim against OXY
ShahZaM dies and spectates OXY
He's really happy to be playing games with OXY
But suddenly, OXY leaves G2 and is LFT again
It's not like he was any worse than before.
What happened to him?
The reason was to be revealed three months later.
But the reason was actually revealed earlier
One day while duoing with LFT OXY,
ShahZaM gets too excited by OXY's play.
Is that C9 OXY? oh, my god!
They panicked for a second.
He's really entered Cloud9.
OXY joined Cloud9 and was able to participate in many international competitions.
And he also hits NA Rank #1,
he showed good performance in competitions.
Q. Who is the most underrated pro out there right now?
OXY's first competition at Cloud9
*The opponent is kangkang (zmjjkk)
He went on to win the competition.
Cloud9 teammates say that OXY really likes Faker
His plays are actually crazy now
2024 VCT Americas
Counting down to the start
2023 Champion Demon1 mentions OXY
Many were looking forward to a showdown between OXY and Demon1.
NRG and Cloud9 were even were placed in the same group
C9's match started right after NRG's opening game ended.
VCT Americas first ace in 2024
It's even his first debut in the Tier 1 scene
Everyone cheers for the rookie's stellar debut
Next up, a three-set match against MIBR
Unbelievable performance for a rookie
Cloud9 then brings in the flow of the game.
2024 VCT Americas 2nd Ace
(Is he crying? no?)
Post-match MVP interviews
Soon after, the match between Cloud9 and NRG began.
Entry Scene
However, the bad vibe of C9
Second match
But the NRG trade was crazy
Overtime
In the end, NRG won the match
A match that ended without winning a single game
Match MVP Interviews
That's how OXY impressed people in his recent debut and made a strong impression on people
His fearless play has earned him many fans.
OXY's Twitch followers stats
The minimum annual salary at OXY is estimated to be over $50000.
It's great to see him pursuing his dreams at such a young age and I'm rooting for him.
Thank you for watching