If you are getting EA Sports FC 24 Starting 
Error, then you're at the right place. 
We've got some easy ways that 
you can use to fix this issue. 
Welcome back to Silicophilic, your 
go-to source for tech tips and fixes. 
Method 1:
When you  
are getting FC 24 Starting Error, before going 
into any advanced solution, restart the EA app. 
Sometimes this simple restart can easily fix 
minor glitches that can cause such issues. 
From the EA app, click on the three 
horizontal line menu and select Exit. 
To completely close the app open 
Task Manager using the Search menu. 
Go to the Processes tab. Right-click on 
the EA app and select the End task option. 
Method 2: 
To do this, open the ea app. Click on 
the menu bar and select Go Offline.
Click on the ‘Yes I’m sure’ button to continue.
Then go back again and click  
on Go Online from the menu.
Restart the app and try to play the game. 
Method 3:
Go to the installation location for FC24. 
Open the folder and then 
open the Installer folder. 
Locate the EAAntiCheat folder. Open it.
Double-click on the EAAntiCheat  
Installer. From here, select your game.
Click on the repair option. Then on OK. 
Next, go to the location where the game 
is installed and select the folder. 
Then click on select folder option.
This will repair the AntiCheat. 
Next, click on Update so that you can 
make sure everything is up to date. 
You can also select the Uninstall option 
to uninstall the Anticheat completely. 
Next, select the game from the drop-down menu and 
click on Install button to install the Anti-cheat. 
It will also get reinstalled when 
you try to run the game next time. 
Method 4:
You can also right-click  
on the application you are using to launch 
the game inside the game installation folder. 
Next, open its properties.
Go to the Compatibility tab. 
Check the box for Run this program as an 
administrator. Click on Apply and then OK  
o save the changes.
Method 5: 
Press Windows + R to launch the Run utility.
Type %programdata% and hit Enter or click OK. 
Open the EA Desktop folder.
Then delete all the folders inside it. This will 
delete all the game saves but can fix the issue. 
So, you can try it if the 
other methods did not help you. 
And there you have it! The five solutions 
to fix the EA Sports FC 24 Starting Error. 
We hope one of these methods have worked for you.
If you found this video helpful, don't forget to  
give it a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel 
for more tech tips and troubleshooting guides. 
Leave a comment and help others know 
which solutions solved your problem. 
Thanks for watching, and we'll 
see you in the next video!