Hey, greetings dear viewer. Today we're
going to be talking about itemization
and in particular how to create optimal
item sets. And for this particular
challenge, we have a special guest today
uh the head coach of Nord Esports coming
in from a beautiful victory versus Los
Ratons. And uh this is John. Say hi. Hey
guys, excited to get excited to get into
it. Yeah, congratulations on your recent
victory. And uh I over mentioned that
we've been working together a little bit
uh trying to get some good data for the
guys in Nord esports uh optimizing their
item builds a little bit and that's the
topic that we're going to be talking
about today. Um and just as a basic
guideline of what we're doing, we're
going to be creating for a couple of
champions an item set from scratch. And
I'm going to be trying to explain my
thought process where I'm creating
items. The reason why I want to talk
about this is because I've gotten a lot
of questions about my item set in my
videos because I have a very particular
way of organizing item sets and I think
there's a lot to be optimized in terms
of game play where you've kind of made
the strategic choices beforehand and
then when it comes to time to actually
play the game, you can just execute on
your pre-made choices. You have a couple
of different paths and then you have
some situational options. So that's what
we're going to be doing today. I would
like to start maybe by asking John if if
the the professional players that you've
worked with use item sets at all or is
it mostly just a player kind of head
information where they remember their
builds? Yeah, they don't generally. I
know some people do but in general we
don't and we don't use it like you were
just showing there which I think is
really really useful. So from a coaches
coaching point of view, anytime we can
kind of frontload the thinking and the
decision- making, so you do it before
you get into a match, that's always
going to be useful because you would
think, okay, it can't be that hard.
Yeah. But not only obviously should you
flex a lot, but then when you're on
stage under pressure, I've been in games
where before it was dis, you know,
before it was impossible to do, someone
bought um two shielding items, Sterax
and Hexrinker, so they just cancel each
other out or two different sheen items
and stuff like that. And you would never
do it in the non- pressure game, but
it's always better um from a coaching
point of view to just frontload that
thinking so that you can be a lot more
efficient with the whole process. Yeah,
that's really good to hear. I think I've
seen this mistake and it's easy as a
outside person to laugh at this. You're
going to be like, well, these guys are
being paid, you know, hundreds of
thousands of dollars to play League and
then they can't even get their
optimization right. But when it comes
down to a professional game, there's so
many different things that you're
thinking about. It's very easy to slip
up on a mistake that kind of like would
be considered foolish, but at the moment
you're just thinking, oh, you know, I
just need to buy something right now. I
already have a let's say Iceborn
Gauntlet on I don't know what would be a
good example. But in the past, you used
to be able to buy 21st and Iceborn
Gauntlet. Uh, and maybe a Jax could have
bought both. So, so then one of them
gets canceled out. But but then nowadays
the mistakes is something like not
buying large dominics regards or or
let's say buying mer threads versus a
full ID com stuff like this like just
just absolutely yeah uh and and kind of
to support this process we are going to
look at data from coachless and
specifically in the latest update that
we released yesterday we have now data
on uh first purchases so so these are
items that are um let's say epic items
or large components because uh Riot's
categorization doesn't include for
example BF sword as a epic item since
it's just a you know basic component. So
for you know ADC champions such as
Camille sorry Caitlyn uh stuff like BF
sword would not be included if you only
thought about epic items. But basically
in the first purchase slot here what we
have is is the estimate of the win
probability added which is our metric
for comparing items uh for every kind of
large enough component purchase uh in
the early game. And what we can see here
already is that Caitlyn players
previously have been abusing this
symbiotic souls uh build. It is uh
nerfed in 15.9 though as as mentioned
here. It has been adjusted at patch. But
what we're going to do first is we're
going to look at Shen it optimization
because that's the champion that I have
the most experience on. And I'm just
going to walk through kind of my thought
process here because I think most people
what they do if they even create an item
set they kind of go like this. They're
like okay well you know uh nowadays Axto
has been saying that Dead Man's Blade is
good. So, I'm going to put Dead Man's
Blade there. And then, oh, you know,
sometimes you have to go Sunfire.
Sometimes you go Hollow Radiance. Uh,
and then they go like, uh, I don't know,
what are some health items? And then
maybe put a couple of these. Oh, yeah.
Sometimes you can go Stride Breaker or
Titanic. Yeah. Yeah. And then kind of
fill this up with some random items.
Yeah. And that's like it starts becoming
not even a set because there's so many
choices there. Yeah. Yeah. There's too
many choices. So, I think it's it's like
valid. It's probably better to like have
gone through the items beforehand and
know kind of like, okay, these are the
items that my champion can buy, right?
But what I want to do is I want to
create um specific builds for specific
scenarios. So, in particular for Shen,
what I'm looking at first of all is what
is going to be my first legendary item.
I think that's the most important choice
that you're going to go into a game. And
this one is, I think, heavily matchup
dependent. And what I think is that you
should try to choose one of the kind of
like statistically supported best first
items and then combine that with your
knowledge as the champion, you know,
expert or a pro player. You're like,
"Okay, I've built this item before. It's
good." And and here we can already see
that if we think about what items are
good on Shen, you can see that Dead
Man's Plate and Titanic Hydra both are
good first item options. And we can
create builds around these two options.
So in my preferred way we will look at
dead man's plate first and and here's
actually a kind of like innuend like
small innuendo here is that uh Titanic
Hydra and Dead Man's Blade the the stat
that we measure here the win proity
added it is it is the best me like the
best estimate of the item's impact after
it has been completed. So, what this
says is that when you press that button
here on Titanic Hydra and actually
complete the item that cost 3,300 gold,
how much that does that usually increase
your win probability? But what this
number does not yet um kind of explain
is how do you get to that point, right?
Uh like how good is the build path? And
the first purchase uh slot here is going
to give us a little bit of uh like
information about that. And what I why I
want to highlight this is that even
though Titanic Hydra here has the
highest win probability added, it might
be a little bit flawed because of the
fact that Diamat is so bad on Shen.
Tiamat in general is an item that um
doesn't have that many stats. But there
are some good users like let's say Fior
for example. I know for a fact that Fior
would love to rush Diamat in most games
just because FA makes much better use of
the AD than Shen. Shen doesn't have any
AD scalings. So if if we now choose to
go dead mass plate route and here dead
mass plate obviously having armor we can
just qualitatively think that okay well
it's an armor item it's going to be good
versus physical damage opponents. So,
I'm going to try to create a path around
Dead Man's Blade. And and first thing I
do is I will drag Dead Man's Blade into
the block here. And then I will start
thinking about, okay, what is going to
be my build path towards Dead Man's
Blade? Because in the early game, most
of your backs are going to be on
components like for the first 15
minutes, right? Your first item is
typically completed, you know, after
maybe 13, 12 minutes. This depends a
little bit on role play. Um, and then I
start wondering that, okay, well, what
is the best component for me to buy
early, right? And if we do not filter by
dead plate, but just in general look at
all Shen games, we notice that winged
moon plate is really high up here. And
this kind of corresponds with my
understanding of Wing Moon Plate.
Because if we take a look at um this is
one of my most used resources, League of
Legends wiki. If you look at winged moon
plate and the patch history on this
item, what happened in 14.9 here is that
its health got increased to 200 and it
only lost 1% movement speed. And this is
the big itemization patch where almost
every item was nerfed. So while other
items uh and components were nerfed,
this item received a buff. And even
though gold efficiency is like a little
bit of a flawed metric, I still look for
it in terms of components because these
components don't have any unique uh
effects, right? So it's easy to compare
something like uh bummy cinder and wink
moon plate because all they do is give
stats. So what we can notice is is that
you're paying 900 gold for an item that
gives you the same health as ruby
crystal. And even though bum cinder is
really valuable in the first back, it
might be more valuable to get that extra
HP and that movement speed to trade with
your opponent. Now, I might be going
into too much detail here about Shen
itemization in particular, but probably
the the more like general approach that
I that I want to highlight is that you
should be thinking about okay, what's
going to be my first legendary? And then
the next question is what's going to be
the strongest component towards that
legendary? And in my mind, that's always
going to be winged moon plate in most
cases. No, I really like it. I think
that's also one of the differences that
you see working with players, not just
pro to solo Q players, but sort of
challenger master players to even
diamond players, like considering the
components to actually be a super
valuable uh step along the process. So
there's plenty of items that we see
built in pro play and even when they're
completed, they're not necessarily the
best item to have completed, but it's
because the build path was necessary for
that moment. You know, in pro, it's even
more simple. So it's like, okay, for
before this, before third dragon, I do
two and a half items, and it's like,
okay, so the half item needs to be a
useful half. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.
And I think there's lots of examples of
components that actually influence the
game a lot. Uh, I think Tiamat was used
previously here as a negative example,
but if you think about Midame or or some
like second item spike, having Tiamat on
Trundle versus not having Tiamat on
Trundle might be the difference between
getting that tower as we saw in the game
versus
Los the towers started falling. So, so
these small items can have a huge impact
on how the game rolls out. Uh what I
used on on Twitter as an example was uh
Garin's early itemization because
Berserker greaves have for a long time
been this kind of like de facto purchase
on Garin. I think like most most people
just default, oh yeah, Garin, for ease,
you know, spin damage, you go berserker
griefs. And this is a remnant behavior
of of like old times where berserker
greaves used to be more gold efficient.
And I think it's really important to
always keep up to date with changes.
Obviously, I think most pro players read
the patch notes, but you can see here,
oh yeah, 25% attack speed, 45 moves,
pretty good. But what this item used to
be is used to be 35 attack speed on on
first item and then 10 attack speed more
for the same gold. So it it was a very
different item that provided a lot more
damage. So nowadays it it's very
important to just think about these item
purchases and think about what's the
most up-to-date information that you
have. Uh statistics helps with that.
Playing the game helps with that.
Reading patch notes helps with that. So
that's that's something I wanted to
highlight. Um, and then even going into
more micro itemization, the way I
usually build now the the item set
around these two, so the first component
and the um first legendary is I then
break it into the smallest components
possible. And the reason I do this is
that when I take a recall, I instantly
have visible all the components that I
would be interested in buying on a back.
Because even if my objective is to go
for winged moon plate uh as my first uh
purchase, it might be that the gold
amount on the recall is for example 700.
And if that's the case, I can think
about going for boots plus ruby crystal
or cloth armor plus ruby crystal because
these will be eventually working towards
the dead man's blade. And and my
personal preference is that I basically
uh take all of the large components of
the first legendary item and purposely
put them in the item set. Uh, this is
maybe a little bit of overkill, but
because I'm playing Shen most of the
time, I have many situations where I
need to recall and instantly ultimate or
teleport, for example. With top laners,
obviously utilizing teleport, you need
to be ready to buy the items as soon as
possible because it can be the
difference between losing like one or
two minions. If you if you're waiting in
base, you know, uh for five seconds more
and you lose one experience, this one
experience might be might be cost
because you took too much time to find
the items that you want from the item
shop. So that's that's why that's why I
do this. Um I don't know if this is
something that pro players think about
or something that you've thought about
like kind of like I think I think first
components and backs they think about a
lot. Um and there's a lot of times where
we'll like force people to stay. Hey, I
mean bot lane is the one that's the kind
of I think the one where it happens the
most. We have people like Ezreal and
versus a person who wants to get BF
sword for example. Yeah. And it becomes
actually quite a big game of like okay
can you get to base for Sheen or can you
even get to base for for tier first and
if not like if if they ever sometimes
there'll be a situation where the Ezreal
player for example gets a perfect
opportunity to get a really nice back.
Uh maybe they've already got a back for
the the tier and they want to back for
the sheen or they want to back just for
the sheen and skip the tier for now for
that early power like we discussed
earlier. Yeah. And if their base gets
stopped by the BF sword user, it can be
like that changes the lane completely
because now by the time they're both
back, now you're getting BF and suddenly
you don't have that extra window where
you can be really punishing. So in terms
of building item sets, I I don't know
many pros, if any. I've not seen them
that that build it like that, but
absolutely it's a massive component of
the game at the at the highest level. Uh
what you can get on backs, especially
first back, um like you're showing and
how big it is to kind of force someone
back early and especially if you're a
person who's going to be building, let's
say, even a durk item first on AD. Yeah.
You know, we can be more aggressive on
early trades because you can always go
back and get a long sword if both people
need to base. Whereas if the BF sword
user can't even get a pickaxe, you know,
if if we if we play really aggressively
on second and third wave, sometimes it
can be a really good strategy to
consider. Yeah. Yeah. 100%. I think BF
sword is one of the probably the
greatest examples just because it is so
so big. It's so big. It's 1,300 gold and
it's super hard to finish. But also if
you just think about it like in terms of
stat efficiency uh the B of sword is
just um it gives more AD uh than similar
items, right? So so the if the if the
conversion is just you pay some gold to
get X amount of AD, this this guy gives
you just more AD than any other item in
the game uh like component wise. So, if
you're able to reach that threshold of
1,300 gold, then uh you're basically
just getting an extra reward for that.
So, even if like on paper, the actual um
trading that's happening in in game is
like, okay, let's think both players
lose the same amount of HP, both players
um stay in lane for the exact same
duration, depending on the itemization
of the champion, that might result in an
advantage for the opponent. So there's
like hidden asymmetries that stem from
actual itemization and not so much the
champion itself.
And that's where you see people like
Kilisang or Mickey walk forward and
ignite someone under tower. Yeah. It
will either be it'll either be to stop
to stop them being on time for a swap or
it'll be to mess up their items. Yeah,
that's a great example actually and and
I love love that because that's
something that uh might be overlooked uh
as a viewer like okay well yeah he just
stopped the base but there was more
thought process behind that. I'm going
to stop the base here so that both
players remain in lane for longer in
order to reach that item spike. Um to
return to the topic of the Shen build
here I'm just going to drop in a bum
cinder here afterwards. This is just and
this is now this is where comes like
your personal understanding of the game,
your understanding of your champion,
your understanding of uh the game uh
where bame cinder yeah it's a good item
on Shen. The reason why we mix it in
into this build is that we can earlier
get opportunities for ultimates when we
have that wave clear. So it's perfectly
fine to rush dead man's plate on its
own. But just what I've noticed from
playing is that usually you miss out
some ultimate opportunities or versus
harder matchups where uh the opponents
are pushing the wave really fast. You
just you just need this in order to have
some kind of priority. Um and then the
build order still remains like I want to
go wing plate first and then I want to
mix in that personal preference of bum
cinder finish up my dead man's plate.
And I think here is now the question.
Okay, I finished dead man's plate.
what's going to be the divergent build
path after this item. And for a long
time, I built hollow radiance. But now,
hollow radiance has been changed quite
differently. And this is where I'm going
to look at more general stats. So, in
addition to looking at your champion
specific stats and how good of a user
your champion is on for a particular
item, I I generally want to think about
okay, what is the general balance trend
of different items? And if we identify
that, okay, hollow radiance is is like
generally just here worse than the
alternatives, like it's just a worse
item balance-wise. This is basically
looking at all champions uh across the
board for last three patches. And if we
see that there's a kind of systemic bias
where Sunfire just is a better item or
then we can think about AD bruiser items
such as Titanic Hydra, um then I might
not prefer this item even if my champion
would be a good user of it. I think it's
like important to clarify these two
things where I think some champions you
or people kind of default to specific
items because you think oh well surely
this champion must use this item. Um I'm
trying to come up with an example so
that we can illustrate this in
conversation more but I think stuff like
I'm I'm going to look for a bad item on
purpose. Maybe even items such as like
experimental hex plate where I think
some champions synergize extremely well
with this. Maybe a zer um Noturn. Noturn
for Yeah, yeah, no is perfect example
actually. So let's look at Nocturn. So
we know for a fact that this item is
just across the board kind of bad. Uh it
it's it's just statistically not as good
as the other items. And there's many
reasons for that, but particularly the
build path and how how the effect
actually works. And then we think about
Nocturn. It's like, oh well well surely
like
um Noctturn is going to be a good
experimental hexplate user. Um do you
see it? Okay, it's in the CTR here. But
just because your champion synergizes
well with the item doesn't necessarily
mean that that's the best item to buy
because there might be an item that
doesn't have as much synergy with your
champion like stridebreaker which I mean
you know has a good synergy with noturn
but uh it's just overall in a better
state. I think this is I don't know if
this point makes sense but kind of like
dis disentangling those two things.
Yeah. So how would you go about waiting
those things? Because if let's say
experimental hex plate if you went on to
noturn and it was actually dramatically
increasing your win probability. Let's
say it wasn't minus.9. Let's say it was
1.7. Yeah. Is that not enough stats in
itself? Does it matter how bad the item
is? I would say I would say if you have
if you have a good sample size basically
by sample size we mean the amount of
games that have been played and
basically if you're like oh we have good
evidence that even though this item is
bad in general on this particular
champion it's good enough to warrant
then yeah you know by all means go for
it but if you have let's say any any
doubts about it like hey you know I mean
I see some synergy there but the item is
overall in a bad state and and then you
get evidence like this where basically
we're just looking at Noctar first item
and you see a massive difference uh
almost 1% and for to some people this
might sound okay 1% is that really going
to matter but if you think about every
item choice as an incremental kind of
like optimization game if you every time
gain a 1% lead then then over the course
of a 100 games you just make those
itemization choice it's it's huge that's
that's the difference between you as a
solo queue player being in grandmaster
or being in low diamond right or or even
like gold and diamond or something like
is so so obviously I'm not saying that
just by buying better items you're going
to become a diamond player. What I'm
saying is that there's like small
optimizations to be made that can have a
huge impact in the long term.
Yeah. Um now I'm going to speed up here
on the Shen part. Uh and what I'm going
to do is I'm just going to fill in after
my kind of like research my I'm playing
the game a lot. I'm playing Shen a lot.
I'm looking at different builds. I'm
looking at stats. Then I'm going to come
up with, okay, well, I really like to go
spectral skull next year. And the reason
why Spectral Skull is really good with
Dead Man's Blade is that you've invested
a lot of money into armor. And in 90% of
the League games, you're going to have
at least one AP champion on the enemy
team. There's going to be magic damage,
the magic damage that comes in. uh and
you want to deal with that magic damage
somehow, especially since Shen has
innate tools in his kit to deal with out
attacks through his W, but he doesn't
have a way to reduce magic damage. So,
getting a little bit of magic resistance
is going to be really good. And this is
going to be again kind of a situation
where I think sometimes it's good to buy
a component and not finish it. I was
talking with um Yungos the the jungler
of Nord esports now uh about spectral
skull in particular where we were
talking about Mundo itemization and
obviously Mundo players would you know
love to say that spirit vis is part of
their core build because you know it's
Mundo right you have healing yeah mo
most healing in the entire game like
surely spirit vis will be good and I do
agree with that point but there's some
games
where the hex bite example again so well
with the champion Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. There's some games where you
can be like, "Oh, I really want the
increased healing, but you have to think
about the trade-off that you're making.
Okay, I'm using 2,700 gold to get the
increased healing, but it's also gold
away from armor." And let's say the
opponents are working with a very
physical damage heavy composition, and
the and the magic damage dealer is
someone who doesn't want to waste their
burst on a Mundo, right? In many cases,
there can be a single target mage or or
like a very like snipe heavy mage, let's
say a zeraf or something. The zeraf is
not going to be hitting the mund. The
seraf is going to try to ult you know
small HP priority targets in the
backline. So it can be okay to overgo
the magic resistance, overgo the healing
in order to get an item that better
suits the needs of your champion. And in
this case, it might be warranted to just
go for a spectral skull and not upgrade
it into anything. just get a little bit
of magic resistance and then move on to
items that have better priority uh for
you.
Uh any thoughts that arise from this? I
think I think components in general
there there are cases where one should
think about the league items as like
okay you have to use gold to get a
specific amount of stats but it's also
how do I use the slots in my inventory
efficiently. So, in the early game, you
can afford to use more of the slots, but
when you get to later on, like you you
have four slots filled, you can't just
buy a spectral skull because it's going
to feel, you know, it's going to fill
your entire inventory, right? I don't
know if it's too distracting, but the
thing that as in off topic, but the
thing that it instantly reminded me of
is the two things that have happened
recently with this Haunting Guys. Yeah.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about.
And the Giants Belt versus Heartsteel
situation. So, how is there a way that
you can bring in some stats to this or
like because four four haunting guys is
surely is too rare? Uh, I know I know
what you're talking about. Now, I'm
going to have to stomp on the haunting
guys abusers right here. So, I I've seen
this build on Zyra. Do you know other
users of it? Uh, I've seen it on Lilia.
I've seen it a couple of times on
Singed, but obviously that's way less
picked in pro play. Yeah, I've seen it
on Aali two or three Haunting Guys.
Although to be fair, in the Akali game,
I think it was also versus loads of
squishies. Yeah. And he went conqueror
and three haunting geysers, which I
think was just a terrible choice. Yeah.
No matter what you're you're going.
So yeah, I I think it's hard to evaluate
the whole kind of like uh just just say,
okay, four haunting guys, is it worth it
or not? But what we can do is we can try
to estimate how good of an item haunting
guys is and then make our judgments from
there. So, if you're looking at the
aforementioned champions, we looked
Rumble, then we see Zyra, and and we
look at the Haunting Guys as a first
purchase, then Lilia as well. We we see
that it's pretty low there. Okay. Yeah.
So, so what I'm thinking from like my
own game understanding is that okay,
well, this item increases damage
percentually, right? You're in the early
game, your champion's base abilities
don't have like base damages are not
that high. you don't have that much AP.
Is it worth to itemize percentage
increases? Someone is going to say,
"Okay, well, you're missing the point
because the haunting guys damage
multiplications are scaling
multiplicatively. So, you get more and
more damage uh, you know, increases as
you get more and more haunting guys."
And that's a fine point to make. We
don't see that in the stats because we
are looking at an individual haunting
guys. But if we compare that to
something like a fated ashes, which if
we assume that the items are relatively
evenly balanced, which is not always the
case in League of Legends, um I would
choose in the early game the item that
gives you flat damage, you know, instead
of something that gives you percentage
amplification on abilities that have low
base damage the early game, right? and
and then items such as lion restorment
which increase uh kind of your damage
output significantly, you start to think
about the trade-off. So, first of all,
okay, I'm not going fated ashes, so I'm
missing out on the flat damage. I'm not
completing my haunting guys into allian
restorment, so I'm not getting the
maximum health burn on uh jungle
monsters. And jungle monsters have a
very high base HP. So, getting a free 6%
target max burn on on any jungle. I
think if you look at any kind of like AP
jungler, we're going to notice that the
land restorment finish is like super
good on them. Uh what was the what did
we look at? Zyra and then Lilia. Zyra,
Lilia. Yeah. Yeah. And this can be seen
here like most champions abuse line
restorment very well. And even top
laners, I think Akali top lane line
restorment is pretty high up there. Uh
this item is just very good. And you're
basically making a trade-off where like
in theory it sounds very good to be
like, "Oh, you know, they stack up
multiplicatively, riot, this is so OP."
Uh, but then you're missing out on a lot
of uh like a lot of good items that
you're not complating. I I think it's
also people uh thinking a little bit
like Riot was 5 10 years ago, maybe even
more. That's just how old I am. I was
thinking that there was a preseason
where they made black cleaver shred
armor and the armor shred wasn't wasn't
unique and so six black cleavers became
a legitimately one-shot build and
they're just really waiting and hoping
for those days to be back. That could be
the case. That could be the case. And
I'm obviously not saying that you should
always ignore these kinds of builds. I'm
saying you should you should test it
out. You should look at stats. You
should see what one tricks are doing. I
think that's kind of my holy trinity.
So, so the like the websites and this
this website I'm not in particular kind
of like affiliated with but I do love
the one tricks GG website. This is what
something that I use a lot. So when I
just want to get a very fast
understanding of okay what are best
casadin players in the world building I
I usually look at from this website.
It's just a very nice interface and this
is mostly optimized for looking at
builds very quickly because they look
like they show these kinds of item sets
and and you get a good understanding of
what's the meta build right. So, one
tricks your own gameplay understanding
and then stats. Obviously, I'm biased
towards courses because I think these
are these stats you cannot get from
anywhere else. But, um I think any any
stat website will kind of fulfill that
role. Uh if if you if you believe that
their stats are reliable. So, yeah, but
of course, coach is the best one. Yes,
you heard it from the man himself.
I can say it because you don't you can't
really Exactly. So, um, I'm I'mma finish
up here so that we don't spend too much
time on Shen itemization in particular.
I'm just going to go to my previous item
set. So, that's kind of the logic where
I'm like thinking first legendary. I'm
thinking what is my first component? I'm
going to put in some small items uh in
order to have those fast back so that I
don't lose XP when I'm tping directly
out of base. And what the end result
will look like is something like this
where I have a pre-planned item build.
Notice here actually a small detail that
I think is important. What I've done
here is that uh item sets have the
ability to select a preferred slot for
each item. And I think this is the I
like that. Yeah. This is something you
know that. Yeah. Do people know that? Do
do people use this? I I it could be that
they do. Um I'm
I guess even a strange example as a
coach. I don't play the game almost at
all. I play arena because it's fun. Um
but I didn't know this. So it could
be times where someone has wasted his
wars or whatever it might be. Now this
is again like someone is going to be
thinking actually like listen man I'm
stuck in gold three putting my diamond
on number one key automatically is not
going to get me out of that elo and
that's completely valid point. Okay,
this is some Twitter feedback that I got
recently. But if you're trying to push
for that minimal advantage, you're at a
competitive level, you're trying to gain
advantages anywhere uh you can, then in
my philosophy, there's no reason why you
shouldn't do something that is zero
cost, you know, min minimal cost for
you, like just to set up the item page,
put your items in order, put your
preferred slots there to get that small
incremental advantage in the game. So
that's the way I'm thinking and I'm
going to go a little bit deeper. You
might think actually why why are your
boots and your cloth armors being set to
these positions? And this is where we
look at the room page that I'm running.
Okay, I'm running biscuit delivery. And
when I come from base, I need to know
that there's going to be nothing on my
uh three slot because I want to use my
biscuit. That's smart. I want to use my
biscuit from three slot. So I I need to
make sure that all my components are
going down. My Doran shield is going to
be in my number one place so that that's
always fulfilled. My refillable potion
or uh uh health potion is going to be in
this number two slot. And then my
biscuits are going to always drop into
the three slot automatically because
that's going to be free and all the
components are behind it. So I love
that. So and I swear this is there's
going to be one game in 100 games where
you lose in one v one because your
biscuits were on the wrong key. It might
be even be more often. So, this is
biscuits. Definitely more often. I think
that's a really really good idea. I
mean, obviously feel free in the edit to
cut out this rant, but No, no, no. We
talked about we talked about the first,
you know, when we first started talking
about like how important items are and
the thing you were just saying like is
it going to get you out of gold putting
your item on the right slot? A really
big thing for me in my approach to high
performance and my approach to coaching
in general is this idea of marginal
gains which if you ever want to Google
you can fall down the rabbit hole of
that. It's something that people talk
about all all the time. Um it was very
famous by a guy called Sir Dave
Braillesford and I think the best way to
describe it which was actually one of
the riders who talked about it rather
than rather than the coach himself.
Yeah. is that we come in with the idea
that nothing is too small to be
considered. Yeah. It's not that we
should do everything because you only
have a certain amount of time in the
day, you know, to build these item slots
or anything like that. And it's not that
we should do everything because it might
cost something. But something like this,
which putting it on the right slot costs
you so little if you think about your
time spent playing League in total, let
alone it's gonna take you it's going to
take you 20 minutes to set this item
page up and then you're going to play
League for, let's say, 500 hours. So
yeah, exactly. You're going to use a
very minuscule percentile of that. Yeah.
And and the where items get placed is
the perfect example of this kind of
philosophy. It's like, okay, it's going
to make such a minute difference that
people will say it's not worth trying,
but really the way to think about it is
what's the cost of doing it, which is a
couple of seconds. Yeah. And therefore,
there's just no reason not to. And and
more importantly, a couple of seconds
away from the game, right? Not during
the game. So, you're not you're not even
wasting your in-game decision-making
time. You're actually creating in-game
decision- making time, which for pro
players if you want. Yeah. Exactly.
Exactly. So, you're not realistically
like I'm going to be honest. I know 95%
of the players, me included, you're
browsing YouTube shorts while you're in
queue. So, you might as well be using
you might you might as well be
optimizing your item preferred placement
like Yeah. Yeah. Uh and then I'm going
to run through here. The idea here what
I have is just I'm going to have
refillable potion in there. Uh I don't
usually like to buy this item, but in
the aforementioned case where let's say
I have to take a recall on uh 650 gold.
650 gold for Shen in particular is kind
of awkward because you're like, "Oh,
well, what should I buy?" I mean, you
can go boots, cloth armor. Okay, you can
go a health potion or then you can go
ruby crystal and refillable potion.
you're leaving 100 gold unutilized, but
ruby crystal is the best component in
the early game for Shen because he
benefits from HP and uh you're just
going to have to buy something in
addition to that in order to be stronger
in the early game. I think there's an
argument to be made for skipping
refillable potion totally, but then
you're leaving 250 gold unused. Uh so
it's in in the early game that kind of
things matters a lot. So that's why I
have this kind of like first uh first
slot here, which uh by the way having 10
items uh fills an entire row on the
actual league uh client uh like the
league shop in game. So this is why I
always have 10 items in in a block
because otherwise they will flow to the
next uh next row and this doesn't matter
of your resolution. So it's it's
independent of that. Um so basically
what I have is I have two different
build paths that I found. One I go
versus physical damage opponents, one I
go versus magic damage opponents. Uh
these are not absolutes. I will defer
from them if I feel like it. if I think
there is a better item to be had. And
this is why I have the last uh uh block
here which is just strong items uh
either through practice or through
statistics that I found uh that have
their cases, right? Like someone's going
to say Shen is not not a good Mayas
user. I think there's cases where that's
not the case. You can actually buy it uh
for sure stuff like redemption on
locket. If we look here overall across
all items on Shen top lane, we notice
these two items even if their sample
size is relatively low, they are strong
items that have their spots, especially
you can see both of these had the good
with low gold tag. So what this means is
that compared to purchases um of every
other item in the game when you have low
gold, these disproportionately increase
your win probability. And I think that
makes sense uh if you think about the
game qualitatively where okay if you're
already behind you're not gonna have you
know you're not not gonna have the
ability to kill opponents with a titanic
hydra damage build whereas if you just
buy a redemption that has flat value for
your team it's going to increase your
win probability by more that's kind of
the qualitative understanding there. So,
I have situational items that I think
have their purpose and I have them ready
here. And this is all just to make me
not buy a bad item. That that's like the
that's like the number one thing. Like I
don't I don't even care about buying the
optimal item in every game. But I know
for a fact that if I don't have an item
page set up, I can make the mistake of
buying a bad item. Now, I I don't think
there's many examples in my matches
there because I'm kind of cooking here
with no worry. But but in general, if
you haven't prepared your item set, how
are you going to make those decisions in
the game itself when you don't have the
ability to actually sit down, look at
the data, think about what one tricks
are doing, it's going to you just don't
have the mental capacity, and what's
going to happen is you're going to
think, "Oh, I need magic resistance. Oh,
uh, Force of Nature is good." No, no,
it's not. It's not like you just you
just chose an item. you weren't prepared
to make that choice and that's going to
cost you uh some chances of the game. I
think that's that's the that's the
fundamental thing that we're doing here.
Okay. And then in terms of the item sets
themselves, so I love the like building
components and stuff like that.
Would you recommend laying out like
this? Because the other way that I'm
thinking about it is you have your first
set which is like your useful items in
most games like your dead mans in this
example and then could you just have a
set of these are good magic resist items
for Shen these are good tank armor ones
for Shen because I really like that
approach. I think again if we compare it
to pro play which is obviously where I'm
biased from
the perfect item sometimes actually is
absolutely gamebreaking and it might be
weird. An example we had from our series
against loss of tones is personally I
think varys going zas was the absolute
perfect item and it really did make the
enemy have zero way to play the game
anymore. Um but in general you would
only like lose games by exactly what you
say. I just bought bad items. Not the
most optimal item we have to buy every
single time but I just bought bad ones.
So is it ever useful to just have okay
here's just items which are currently
good for MR for my champ? Yeah, I I
think that's a completely valid approach
and I think um uh these are like these
are not absolutes, right? Because you
you have 100 different ways of building
these item sets. I think what the
primary philosophy here is that you just
need to have a way of being
systematically prepared to make those
choices. And if for you as a player, it
is more convenient to have it laid out
like this where you're like, "Oh, well,
I have basically you can think of it
like I have three magic resistant
options." And this is now, you know,
just based on data you you let's say we
drop that. We might see a mask somewhere
here. Oh, it's actually bad. Oh, never
mind. But it's low sample size. I think
a mass definitely has its games. And if
you look at the situational stats, you
can see when it's bought versus magic
damage. And one thing that we are
missing here is with magic damage,
right? I I think I've legit won like
couple of games just by buying this item
because I have a fed Gwen on my team,
right? And I all I need to do is provide
12% increased damage to the incredibly
fed AP carry in my team and I'm going to
be useful, right? So let's say I prepare
like this. I I have magic resist options
and there's kind of like clear
situations when I go for each. I might
even write them down. I'm like abysol uh
with AP carry, right? And then you might
go uh Soraka
Janna Ocean Soul, right? for spirit
passage or something like this kind of
like preparing out the conditions and
these might be based on your qualitative
game understanding where you know okay
you know this item as well with uh
healing or they might be based on stats
which I think I think this is really in
interesting to look at but if you take
all champions and look at kicer here
this is this is incredible item versus
high AP comps just absolutely fantastic
item it's providing a 1% uh 1%
percentage point probability increase uh
in winning versus magic damage comps.
And this this classification is done by
basically we looked at the damage
distribution of an average League of
Legends game. And we looked at the top
uh 33% uh games where there was the most
amount of magic damage, right? So you're
kind of dropping this into three
buckets. And and here you can see also
that Kikru is being purchased more
versus magic damage uh compositions
whereas is being purchased less versus
physical damage compositions. That was
not my point. But the point was compared
to other magic damage options uh where
this is okay 0.6. That's still
relatively high. Force of nature it's
0.7. You might think forceful nature,
well, this item grants the most magic
resistance in the entire game, but it is
conditional on stacking the item where
you need to be immobilized or hit by
spells, whereas Kicer just gives you 80
magic resistance flat out and it gives
you that mage bane magic damage shield.
Uh so even something like a mask loses
in favor of Kic Ruker in games where the
opponents have a lot of uh magic damage.
But then again, abby mask has the added
benefit of let's say you have two damage
uh two magic damage carries. So yeah. Um
so so you might lay it out like this.
Okay, these are my magic damage options,
magic resistance options and I'm just
going to conditionally choose between
these three. And also what you can think
about is oh I can think about the
components. So I might drop in the
components like this. The reason being
um this way when I make that base I can
also think about which component I can
afford the best right and which
component serves me the best in this
particular scenario. So even if the game
warrants a spirit v Mhm.
Um because you have a healing support
and you need magic resistance, it might
be more more beneficial to build towards
kaic rukern because you have a gold uh
like you have a gold amount of 850 on
your recall and you need magic
resistance for your next fight, right?
It's just going to be a big fight. Yeah.
Yeah. Exactly. There's there's a dragon
fight coming. You only have armor until
now and you know they have a fed uh you
know AP damage dealer. So even if you
want Spirious V, you would either have
either have to go for Kindle gem for
that particular fight or you would have
to just buy a null magic mantle which
gives you 25 less magic resistance. It
might cause you to die. It might cause
you to not get a kill, lose the dragon.
So then the incremental benefit of
having that synergy with your healing
champion is kind of like overweighed by
the better build path of the other item.
So, so I think something like this could
work really well where you have the
build path visible and you have a kind
of uh let's say classification of of of
items.
Yeah. Um, great. Yeah. Any any closing
thoughts?
Um, no. I mean, I had some questions
written down before we came in, but you
kind of answered most of them. I love
the approach of you should think about
stats, you should think about what one
tricks are doing, and you should very
importantly think for yourself. Yeah.
based on your own game game and game
understanding and preferences and stuff
like that. I think that's really good.
Um the one question I have which I
assume you get all the time is how do
you know what stats to ignore other than
ones that you've already filtered out
for low sample size because you do on
coaches have the option to to re read in
ones with super low sample size. I think
this how do you find that? Yeah. Yeah.
No no just just just that is the
question. I I think this raises a couple
of thoughts. I will say one thing that I
really like looking at this this I'm
going to answer your question after this
but I just had it in mind is this um
purchase time trend of items and this is
best seen when you take the item across
all champions and this is related to the
sample size thing. So if in particular
I'm interested in Shen itemizations, the
problem with the naive approach of
filtering items by I only want to look
at Kicerard only on Shen in a specific
item slot is that for these particular
data points that we see here, it's going
to be like oh maybe there's thousand
data points here, thousand data points
here, right? Like there's there's just a
little bit of data. And we actually made
some experiments to see how the VPA uh
like the win probability added uh is
influenced by by the sample size. And we
noticed that after like let's say 3,000
4,000 5,000 games, it becomes relatively
stable. But during the first samples of
of,000 to 3,000 games, it's still uh
relatively volatile. So something like
this where frozen heart has a thousand
samples as I'm I'm not going to trust
that. like if I have good intuition on
why this is not good on Shen where you
know you're wasting mana on the champion
there might be a situation where it's
good I'm not going to trust that right
so so I'm looking generally for game
counts of up to you know more than 5,000
games as preferably you know more is
better or rather more is more reliable
right there there might be cases where
where you have I think I think a good
example is like when you start filtering
by by matchup even let's say you're
interested in Arthrox, Atrox versus
Tanks, right? And the the number of
games goes down significantly when you
filter. Okay, I know for a fact I'm
going Sunund Sky first item. And now you
see, okay, well, if we filter by Atrox
versus Tanks and I know first item is
100 sky, the game counts start to become
relatively low. And now you say, okay,
expert, you said you don't trust this
number because it's less than 3,000. Um
but if the context is narrowed down
enough and I have the ability to look
outside of the context as well and I see
okay if you don't filter by that sterox
is still good if we filter by that
sterox becomes even better and then if
we don't filter by the matchup we see
okay sterox is still good right then I
have the uh combination of oh in general
this item is a good second item and when
we narrow down the context it remains a
good item so it seems relatively stable
Right. So then I start to trust that
number more. Uh this is something that
is I think kind of like a big design
issue for us where we need to go through
the numbers. We need to actually think
about what's going to be reliable for
the end user where for example I I this
particular button I think a lot of
players will use it or users will use it
but it's going to just create issues
where this number is just not going to
be trustworthy. Right? And that's that's
the reason why I usually hide this
because I don't want to look at that
number that I know for a fact just has
no like meaning, right? It's it's like
mostly noise. So So it's it's a very
hard design issue of like how do we
create stats that can be instantly
trusted, but also how do we educate the
user on what to trust and what to not.
And I think it's something that requires
its own on own on own thoughts. Um I'm
quickly going to return to the Kic Rukan
case because I just wanted to show you
this. Oh, I can search for that there.
Um I want to show you that this
particular item scales really well with
um time. So there are certain items like
abusal mask that are already I mean this
one I wouldn't like we would have to
implement of like how how much samples
has this has here to trust that. But
like some items have a very clear trend
of being worse in the early game and
being better in the late game. And these
trends are best visible when you take
the highest data set possible. So you
know across all champions. Then there
are items like um ragelade for example.
Ragelade is a fantastic item in the
early game but what happens is that it
efficient its efficiency goes down
extremely uh as the game goes on. And
this is not this is not intuitive by the
way. Like you you might think that oh
it's like retroactively intuitive. It's
not intuitive until you look at the
stats because you just that's a key word
right there. The retroactively
intuitive. After you've seen this stat
you can make the argument in your head.
I thought about that. Yeah. Yeah. This
this item gives you flat on hit damage.
It gives you uh AD, AP, and a lot of
attack speed in the early game where
fights are actually longer in the early
game than they are in the late game.
Right. Yeah. Because it's harder to sit
and stack up that item in the late game
when anything one shots you. Exactly.
But in the early game, you can hit the
wave and have sething strike stacked up
all the time, right? And even though as
a design, this is like a on hit capstone
item cuz you think, oh my late game.
Yeah, exactly. you're like my own hits
are going to be multiplied. So when I
have my blade of the ruined king, right,
when when I have my terminos, then then
the ragelade is going to go really well,
right? But but that's not the case at
all. Whereas it's a very good one item
spike. And you can see this for static
ship as well. Uh where static sh is is
like a very strong wave clear early
spike, but because it deals flat damage,
it's just not going to be useful as the
game goes on. And then you take an item
such as Lord Dominic's regards and
you're going to, you know, obviously it
hasn't been purchased in the early game
at all because no one yet is brave
enough to go LDR first item. Although I
think Ba is doing it on white top lane,
but but but this particular item shines,
you know, for the whole mid to late game
uh situation and then something like
Guardians Angel is something that gets
better as the game goes on. But but
looking at these kind of like item
specific trends, it's better to take the
large sample size across all champions
rather than the added specificity of
this item on your particular champion
because you can you can see the trends
better when the sample size is large. Um
yeah. Okay, that's really cool. That's
like changed my thinking on race baiting
even now. It's Yeah, but when when you
when you seen when you've seen this stat
and you start thinking about it, I think
you will notice it in game where it's
like, oh, this ragelade it it is super
strong first item like a Kog'ma with
ragelade first item, bars with rage
blade first item. Very there those are
massive champions, but late game it's
just going to get blown up immediately,
right? It's it's also as well like it's
how much is the item and how much is the
the champion or something else where
okay, Cogmore and one item raised blade
is insane. Yeah, late game Cogmore is
also really good. So you think ragelade
is good, but it actually might not be.
And then actually maybe there's an
example play when you've got six items,
often times your AD ends up being still
the one to clear the waves because just
the time it takes to clear the waves is
really important and you can be swapping
out items. And I never would have don't
think anyone has ever thought, well,
rage blade's bad in late game so I'm
swapping it out on something like
Cogmore. Maybe it is, you know. Yeah,
exactly. It It might be worth to go
Terminus. Uh maybe a guardian angel like
the Zonas that we talked about
previously. It would it would never be
the item that I would sell intuitively
to to swap for a luxury item like Zyas,
but that's actually really that's really
interesting. Yeah. Okay. But I think
we'll wrap it up there. I think this is
topic that we could talk about for hours
and hours, but um if if if the viewers
have a preference for more content, we
can do that. But I think we got a good
discussion going on here about item
sets, uh, items in general, stats, uh,
and the general, uh, philosophy of
optimizing performance.
Yeah, great. Thanks for having me. Yeah,
of course.