Hello. Welcome back to Nintendo Trios
Live Nintendo Switch 2. Uh I am joined
right now by Teresa and Kay. Hello
friends. Hello. We're going to take a
look at Kirby and the Forgotten Land
Nintendo Switch 2 edition plus Starcross
World. Uh Teresa, I believe you're
controlling our favorite Pink Puff Ball,
right? We are a little hero or Yeah. our
favorite son. I would like to see the
boy, please. For sure. So, uh, the
Starcross world is the new content
that's exclusive to Nintendo Switch 2.
Um, we're playing the today, uh, the
ROM, uh, the experience that is here,
uh, live at the Nintendo Switch 2
experience. Um, so you get to choose,
uh, what difficulty and then this
cutscene, uh, sets the setting for what
the new content is all about. Oh,
there's that new content coming out of
the sky.
[Music]
How tragically beautiful a beautifully
tragic. So, for those that haven't
played a Kirby in the Forgotten Land
before, um that the the main setting is
the Forgotten Land, which Kirby uh
initially landed on the beach and was
unsure of where he was and he gained uh
some mysterious powers uh in addition to
his copy ability. So, um with the new
content, we're kind of landing in the
same area, which is this beach. And you
can see now that things have changed. Uh
there's crystals all around here. Yeah.
Just like Kirby arrived at first. Now
the meteor has arrived at point of
arrival. Yeah, it has. Familiar familiar
level but altered. Correct. Yeah.
So, there's been some interesting
stages. Yeah. I've decided to go with
hammer cuz I want to smash things.
Excellent choice. Who doesn't want to
smash things with a hammer? So, in
addition to the crystals, there's also
these interesting crystal flowers. And
as you interact them, they'll un reveal
these new pathways. I love this look. So
magical. How could this be bad?
Surely nothing will go ary.
It sounds very, very mystical, right? It
really does. The shimmering sounds.
Familiar looking a woopy.
Sorry, buddy. I I I need the path
cleared. It's a Kirby hello. That's what
we call that. A Kirby hello. He knows
not what he does.
Oh my goodness. So, right away seeing
some changes here to the familiar.
Oh my goodness. Oh, speaking of. So, not
only do the changes reflect within the
environment, but also impacts and
affects the creatures of this world. So,
the beast pack uh which are the
antagonists of the story will also uh be
changed by the impact of the meteor. It
looks so cool. Now,
I like the mohawk. Crystal Mohawk is
doing it for it. I'm actually going to
kind of walk back here just to really
look at the environment. I mean, look at
the sky, too. And you can see how the
world has been torn aunder by this
meteor impact. So you could get the
clear skies on the left and dark skies
on the right. So and I just I just want
to comment on just how beautiful
everything looks on the Nintendo Switch,
too. Yeah, everything's so crisp and
clear and vibrant. It is nice to see
this game uh with with this kind of an
upgrade to it. I'm really eager to play
this and like uh see how good everything
looks. Yes. So, in the original uh level
one, that sign was actually pointing
right and we were able to go around the
building, but now there's no way.
There's rubble in the way now. Okay. But
I guess hopefully Yep. Up. We're going
up.
Another member of the beast pack with a
sporting new headgear. Yeah, these
enemies are are taking a few more wax
than they normally do, right, Theresa?
Yeah, they they have become uh somewhat
stronger. Oh yeah, that guy is also
sporting a mohawk. I love it for him.
Strong hairdo for a strong enemy.
I love now the verticality of the stage,
being able to see different parts of the
level. Yeah, you can even see you can
see where we would have been in the
original game down below, but we're just
completely taking this different path.
That's true. I remember on that awning
on the bottom right there was an energy
drink there. Yeah, that's right. That's
right. Oh, but there's something much
more interesting now.
All right. So, um, in the new content,
you'll always also get access to new
mouthful modes, specifically in these
levels. So, this is the one of the ones
that we announced, which was, uh, spring
mountful mode. So, Kirby has inhaled
this giant spring and now has two
abilities to high jump with a Wow. And
also to smash down with. This is the
wiggly energy we need right now. I love
it so much.
[Music]
Can we just stay in this mouthpole mode
the entire time?
You try. It's It's the little uh
Definitely need it in order to It's the
little feet wiggles. It's the feet
wiggle. It's the booty. Get it for me.
Yeah, it's It's the booty and the feet
wiggle. As I've always said, I thought
it
[Music]
was spicy. All right, let's put this
mouthful mode to action. Looks very
satisfying. Just smash down Teresa. Can
you confirm? Yeah.
Well, in addition to um the new content,
the Nintendo Switch 2 edition will also
have improved uh performance and
resolution. So, and frame rates. So, um
in the Nintendo Switch 2 edition, it
will be uh 60 frames per second. Um and
then if you're playing in handheld mode
or tabletop mode, uh the visual display
will be at 1080p. But if you're playing
docked TV mode, it will be at 1440p.
That's amazing. So really, really pretty
visuals. So satisfying to watch these
enemies just kind of go flying back
down. It's so interesting, too, like the
different perspective for this level
because we were down there and now we're
kind of way up high. I know the
verticality really works with this
mouthful mode, too. It's really fun to
see how high we can get. I want those
bananas.
[Music]
feel like it's on theme. I think uh
Baylor would approve of me getting those
bananas. I certainly do. All right, so
we got a warp zone here behind spring.
We'll miss you. Yeah, it is fun to be
going an entirely different route like
way up high and see the rest of the city
behind us, but like stick to the top of
these skyscrapers. Yeah. So, uh, in each
level you'll have like missions to
complete as you explore and interact
with the world. Um, and the main goal of
the main story was to rescue Waddies to,
um, save them from the beast pack. With
this story mode, uh, you will now be
rescuing those new creatures that are
kind of in that encased in that crystal.
They're called
starries. Um, and we'll find out more
about them at a later time, but I wanted
to point out that the Waddled D's are
still important in the main story, but
for this new content, the starries
are waddled aren't captured anymore on
these levels. I can't help but notice
how much cooler Wild Frosty looks. Yeah.
So, the mini bosses have also uh been
impacted by the meteor. Well, they've
learned a couple new moves, haven't
they? Like this tracking snowman. Oh my
gosh. Ah! Oh, no. Please keep it moving.
Keep it moving. Keep moving.
You've got this.
Play bowling with him. He's going to
play bowling with me. I'm going to play
bowling with him. Battle of B.
Oh, no. All
right, there we go. Faster than he
looks.
Take a nap, buddy. Sorry, bro. I want
your copy ability, though.
Nice. Oh, very good. This one's one of
my favorites.
And so whenever you get near um so in
the main game, whenever you got close to
a Wadd, you would hear them kind of like
chirping, so you know that they were
there. But with the stars, you'll hear
this sort of galactical mystical chime,
so you'll know that they're there. But
mo some of them are pretty challenging
to find. So, you really want to explore
the environment and try to figure out
all those nooks and crannies to see if
you can uh discover them. Love a helpful
audio cue. Yeah, but in the circumstance
that you're not able to do it in the
first time um of playing the level, you
could always go back to the level and
try to find them again.
Can we can we also uh take a moment to
uh express how good the the extra Arya
singing is the Yes, there is. I was just
thinking that it's it's really adding
something. It's It's lovely.
Oh, get all these coins. You're actively
making me remember how much fun it is to
collect things in this game. All about
collecting. Yeah, there's so many hidden
secrets all over the place. Oh, that was
a nice Oh, nice. Very well done. Well,
it was all Kirby. It was not me. Pure
skills.
[Laughter]
Stay there. Sorry, buddy. That looked
rough. Got things to do, things to eat.
Oh, hey, sprinkle mouse almost back.
Yeah. Yay.
I'm in my happy place again. Oh, the
Okay. Uh, the He's also gotten enough.
Yeah, he's also gotten a bit of a change
from the meteor. Fanciest torch tilting
he's ever looked. Much faster.
Got him. Still not fast enough.
Sorry, friend. I'm fast, too.
[Music]
Go Star, go join your friends. Be free.
[Applause]
Oh, another one. Oh, yeah. These guys
are
Okay, well dodged.
I got to wait for it. All right, there
we go. I got to risk it. It is a It is
such a subtle change, but adding a
crystal mohawk really does make
tortilding look that much cooler. Turns
out I guess that's true of most things
now I'm thinking about it. Yeah, that's
true. Certainly true toildings.
Even Kirby. I guess Kirby's got his
little crystal ball. All right, so uh
we'll know that the end of the stage is
near once we get to the giant crystal
ball that holds three stars. Um, but I
just want to give another call out to
the
background because it's so pretty and
it's just also so mysterious and a
little bit ominous of how the sky is
split. Yeah, that like almost tear in
the sky effect is just so pretty. Yeah.
Yeah. Surely it's not a problem. We'll
find out. Surely everything is fine.
Yeah, the weather's going to clear up by
mid-afternoon. Sunny skies again. So
again, there's uh new missions to uh
look forward to in the new content. um
you'll uncover them as you explore, but
in the circumstance you don't get to
complete them, you can always go back to
the stage and get them. Um so, we're
actually gonna swap to a different um
we're going to prepare a different area
in the game and I'm going to ask Kate to
Yes, I've been really dying to play with
you. Number two, I'll be ba bandana w
any day to your What's occurred to me
watching you play is I'm gonna have to
be very careful uh because everything in
that game looks delicious to me.
It's very colorful and very sparkly in a
way that's very candyike.
It's on brand for Kirby because he's
hungry all the time for adventure as
well, but hungry in general. So, um, all
right. So, we're going to jump on into a
later point in the game. Um, so just to
really show how the new content is
unlocked or not unlocked, but how it's
shown and how you get to choose between
the main story of the game as well as
the new content. So you can choose which
level you want to play. Um, so you can
go back and play the original. The the
more like blue kind of like um crystal
impacted side of the of the map will be
um the new content. So, we're going to
jump into uh Crossing Wanderia. This is
one of my favorite levels in the
original base game, so I'm really
excited to show off how it's changed in
this version. Yeah. Proud video game
tradition of Derelch theme parks. I love
theme parks. This one's looks like it's
gotten a little bit messy. It's got a
bit of sludge going on. Lots of
crystals. So sparkly and shiny and
delicious looking.
Yeah, right away you can see this whole
intro area, this little entrance area is
different than the the main game
content. Yeah, I know. There's a lot of
like poison on the ground. Yeah, is a
problem. I explicitly remember Well, for
those that have played, there were
little duckies here. Um, and I love
them. Oh, I'm so glad this is still
there, though. Yeah, they all have
little crystal mohawks. That's
wonderful. All right, I think we should
go to that area that we just uncovered.
Oh, sorry. I am fine. Just bravely
testing it out. Yes, it is poison. Can
confirm. Can confirm. It's like I'm your
your food taste tester, too, you know. I
love that for testing for That's what
I'm here for. I'm supporting you.
Keeping you safe. Thank you. I
appreciate it.
Um Oh, and exploring a new path right
away as well. Uh which I love as uh the
roller coaster part of this original uh
stage. Look at that view. So fun. You've
just lit everything up with that switch
that you hit. Yeah. And it's again new
perspective of the park. Um but the the
new content supports up to two players
as well. It's all local. Uh so same
system. You don't need to buy a new game
or a new system. Um, you can,
uh, get the the new content either, um,
by purchasing an upgrade pack or if
you've never played Kirby in the
Forgotten Land before, it's a great
opportunity to hop in and you can buy
the Nintendo Switch 2 um, edition game.
Man, I wish this game with everything in
there for the first time all over again.
I mean, you can you totally can like
Well, I'd have to wipe my memory. No,
you have three save files. You can
totally start from the beginning. I
know. I will. Oh, I'm sorry. I meant my
uh my brain memory. My memories of
playing the game. I can wipe it for you.
This is getting a little
[Music]
dark. Ooh, a hot dog. Come here. Give me
some of that. Thanks.
Sharing is caring. Sharing is caring.
Friendship is key in this game.
Wee. And
jump. And jump. Woo. I My aim was off.
Now I'll get him. There we go. Yay. Well
aimed cuz those wolfies were minding
their own business. They don't deserve
them. Oh no. No. Got to get him. K's
going to get him. Kay disagrees.
My entire job is to keep you safe. I
will I will destroy your enemy. I
actually love that. That's good body
guard behavior. Hi. So, for those that
haven't played Kirby in the Forgotten
Land before, uh player one will always
play as Kirby while player two will play
as Bendana Wadd. Um the copy abilities
in mouthful mode are specific to Kirby.
Um so only he will be able to use him.
But Bandana Watt D is just as equally as
strong. Yeah, I think you're welcome. Uh
Bandana Wadd will have a spear. He's got
a really cool move set. My favorite one
is the one that Kay's about to do, which
is the raining spears.
Sound effects not included.
You need a You need your own BK to make
sound effects.
What happened? I uh threw myself. I'm
Mr. President of it.
Um in the new content, uh you'll also
have retreating mouthful mode. So, we're
about to show Pipe Mouth and uh I'm
going to hop on here and help out a
little bit. Hustle, buddy. Hustle. Keep
it going. Look at him run. Yep. I got
you.
It is really fun to go through this new
section in this particular mouthful
mode. This one's really fun. Just don't
miss any of the jumps. Okay. No
pressure.
Right. You're you're riding for two now.
Riding for two. You got a passenger on
board. It's okay. You're still good.
It's all right. It's all right.
Well, well done. Oh, beautiful. Here we
go. Nice, nice, nicely done. Pure skill.
Oh, yeah. I got flattened. I also
flattened. K. We both got flattened.
Sharing is caring, right? Yeah.
Equal opportunity.
I do love these all new optional
missions popping up. Uh, this is one of
that was one of my favorite things in
the main game. The idea of an entirely
new set of them is just so appealing to
me. Yeah. To find them all, I it's just
I I love discovering new things in this
in this game. Especially if I didn't
encounter them the first time, I just go
back and try to find them again. It's
just the world's so colorful. It's so
pretty. It's the little hidden ones, the
cleverly little hidden secret ones that
are my favorite. Oh, yeah. So, uh, as
you just saw there, if Kay gets too far
away from Kirby or Bandana Wadd K. Yeah.
Yeah. Too far away from me. Kirby. Uh,
the character will or do while D will
teleport close to me.
Oh, no. That was a P. Oh, I thought it
was a bit. Yeah, it is. Everything's
fine.
Maybe that'll help. Yeah, a little bit.
A little bit. It's cool. Yeah. Light up
the floor. As long as you're at full
health, I'm doing my job.
The the crystal effect is also uh
particularly effective in this like
black black lit uh spooky house. Oh,
that wasn't an ability. Oh, can I get
you? I want your ability.
Ah. Oh, Kirby's inhale is so strong.
Oh my gosh. So this is a new enemy uh
also introduced in
uh in with the new content. Um also I
forgot to mention previously but uh this
uh portion of gameplay is exclusive to
Treehouse Live. Uh we wanted to really
talk about how um two-player co-op is
still available um with the new content
as well as um how the new content will
be accessed separately from the main
game.
Yeah. Did we get a reward? Ah, capsule.
Nice. So, you'll still have all the
really fun stuff to collect in the game.
Same as uh in the the main
story.
Wow. What happened? Uh that cutter's uh
There we go.
Apologies. The screams right into your
ears, you guys. Oh, I hear I hear.
Sorry. Oh, it's right back there. Let's
see if we can rescue them. Good to hear,
Teresa.
I definitely deafened myself with my own
screams.
Yeah, for those of you at home playing
uh in the future, uh make sure you don't
scream too much. Listen for the stars
hiding in the world around you.
Screaming encouraged, though. Screaming.
Screaming is encouraged.
Live your best life. Yes, agree with
that. Feel your feelings.
Feel your feelings.
Cool. All right. I think we rescued that
story and this is a good spot to stop.
Don't want to give too much and have,
you know, more content for everyone at
home to experience and enjoy on your own
time. But, uh, thanks so much for
watching and hope you guys enjoyed that.
Um, again, this was uh Kirby in the
Forgotten Land uh Nintendo Switch 2
edition plus Star Cross Worlds. Uh, it's
a great opportunity for all players that
are, you know, just start never heard of
Kirby before, this is a great game to
hop in and enjoy. Um, friends or
additional friend or family. Um, but for
those of you that have the game, you can
buy the upgrade pack and continue the
adventure. Um, Brandon, you want to
close us off? I sure do. Thanks for
playing. It's fun to watch you guys play
that. We make a good team. Yeah, we do.
Uh, for those you watching at home
though, don't go anywhere. Uh, up next,
Street Fighter 6.