[Laughter]
I don't like going crazy negative in my
videos. I have a lot more fun talking
about games I love or am passionate
about than complaining over the ones I
hate. But in reality, I'm miserable. I
tend to only see things how they can go
wrong. I tend to have trouble seeing a
bright side. And when it comes to the
game industry, that outlook tends to
lead me into being correct with my
predictions or statements way more often
than I would like to be. When Multiveres
announced it was shutting down, I had
friends assuming I would do a victory
lap around its corpse because after all,
I predicted that would happen. But no, I
knew it'd end up this way, but I wanted
to be surprised to see it end up as
something special. So, in my Nintendo
video that blew up for some reason over
the last year, has continued to age
better and better. I don't really feel
pleasure or pride. I just kind of feel
empty. I wanted the stupid catches to
every good thing they do to go away. I
wanted to enjoy my hobby without having
to deal with any of that crap. And I
really wanted to just look forward to
the Switch 2 and the new games coming
out, but they refused to let that
happen. Also, these videos are getting
too long, so here's a shorter one
because I can't take this anymore. So,
let's dive back in because I see a dead
horse outside and I will be damned if
that thing avoids a beating. But before
I complain about anything, let's look at
the positives. The Switch 2 is about as
powerful as I expected it to be, which
is good. I didn't really expect it to be
as strong as the other consoles on the
market, but what we got seems to be able
to run modern games with little to no
trouble. Having performance modes is
always cool. The new mouse feature is
silly, but it's neat. And the fact that
we're getting so many thirdparty games
immediately is pretty great. Yes,
literally all of them have been on other
systems for years. But if you don't own
those systems and are planning to get a
Switch 2, it's a cool thing. Gamecube
games coming to Switch Online is
something. I don't know why they can't
be on normal Switch, but we aren't at
that part of the video, so we'll keep
going. Those two big time launch titles
look awesome. Mario Kart World is
basically everything I could want out of
a Mario Kart game, and it really looks
like they're doing everything they can
to push the series forward, even after
eight seemed untouchable. And its roster
is insane. It it seems to be one of the
most creative and open rosters they've
ever had and exactly what Mario games
should have been doing for like two
decades. Except King Bomb doesn't seem
to be here and also Pey Piranha doesn't
seem to be here either. So honestly, I
got to say the game sucks already. Next
up, there's a new Donkey Kong 3D
platformer that it looks amazing. It's
everything I could have asked for. It's
so expressive. It takes cues from games
like Mario Odyssey. And even if things
like the multiple characters from 64
were ditched, it still just looks
incredible. It feels like getting
everything you wanted on Christmas. Both
a new platformer that pushes forward
from Mario Odyssey, and also finally a
new Donkey Kong game. We have this
wheelchair game eventually coming, which
looks like a I mean, they really did
manage to make Arms look like a very
complex masterpiece with this. We're
getting a new Kirby Airide directed by
Sacharai. We know nothing about it, so
I'm not going to pretend like I'm crazy
hyped for it just yet. But that's
legitimately sick. I'm glad that we're
finally getting another one. Oh, and if
I manage to get my hands on one cuz the
script is being written the morning of
the day that pre-orders are coming out,
it's going to be a tax writeoff for me.
So, that's fun. I got one. All right,
time to get angry. But another thing,
before I start criticizing and pissing
and crying, let me make something clear.
I am not attacking you personally. I am
sharing dissatisfaction and criticisms
of a massive company. And if you
disagree, I can live with that. If you
have no issues with the Switch 2 and are
just excited to hop in and enjoy these
new games, bully for you. And honestly,
I hope it's what you asked for. I don't
personally think that just because a
company is doing something that I find
anti-consumer that you're a bad person
for still being a customer of theirs.
Video games are a hobby. So, not only do
you not deserve to be treated like a
moo, but you shouldn't need someone
else's permission to make a purchase or
enjoy yourself, especially when the
problem is as simple as the company's
doing monetarily scummy things. For
example, I enjoy Pokémon Scarlet and
Violet. However, I am still going to
criticize them for being as broken as
they are, and I still find it
unacceptable. As much [ __ ] as I give
Nintendo, I grew up with them, too. And
I will agree, yeah, they aren't as bad
as a lot of the industry. They don't
bloat their games with obnoxious
monetization like Activision Blizzard,
Ubisoft, or EA. They don't abuse workers
physically and mentally like Activision,
Blizzard, Ubisoft, Bungie, or Boware.
And they don't harbor and protect sex
pests like Activision, Blizzard, or
Ubisoft. So yes, they aren't as pure
evil as Activision, Blizzard, or
Ubisoft. And unlike those companies, I
don't think that there's that much of a
moral quandry in purchasing their
products. However, that's not really an
accomplishment. I don't think it's right
to give them a pass just because you
like their games or don't find them as
evil as others. I think if you're going
to consider them at a higher tier of
game development, you need to hold them
to a higher standard and criticize them
when they do wrong. Don't just take the
bad with the good. Enjoy the good while
speaking out against the bad. So, one
more time on the screen, here's a quick
disclaimer. And with that out of the
way, switch to first, we're going to
look at that price. People are obviously
very upset by the Switch 2's exorbitant
$450 price tag. That's a $100 jump from
the last conso's launch and way more
than the Switch One costs now. And you
know what? I actually don't mind. I
think it's honestly
acceptable. Hear me out. I'm not saying
by any means that $450 is cheap. Not
even close. But for the console you're
getting, I don't think it's that bad.
This is how I see it. The PlayStation 5
and Series X are both 500 bucks. And if
you're an idiot, the PS5 Pro is
$700. The Switch 2 is a decently strong
console with both portable and TV play
and will likely be supported for a long
time if the Switch One is anything to go
by along with it being backwards
compatible. The issue is I think people
associate Nintendo with being cheaper
than the competition. It's the easy
console choice for a lot of people
because you're shelling out $100 to $150
less than the competition where here
they're actively up there with Sony and
Microsoft in terms of price. Now, this
is arguably justified because this is a
much more competitive console power-wise
than Switch One was. But a casual
consumer probably doesn't care about
that. They expect that if Nintendo is
making them get a new console, you won't
be out as much when unfortunately that's
not the case anymore. I don't personally
like it either, but it's still a little
cheaper than the competition. And for
what it is, it's less that I think it's
a great price and more of just an
acceptable one. The issue for me is
everything else surrounding that price.
Before we get to that next huge thing
that's going to take up most of the rest
of the video, let's also talk about a
few other things like that GameCube
emulator. Ooh, why is the Switch so
exclusive? You're expecting people to
pay a $50 yearly subscription and buy an
entirely new $450 console just to play
some Gamecube games. The Switch One can
run GameCube games. Very surprising, I
know. And we've been begging for
Nintendo to just give us Gamecube ROMs,
and these look like some legit choice
ones. Finally, legal ways to play Path
of Radiance, Pokémon Colosseum and XD,
and F-ZeroGX without annihilating your
bank account. But why do I need to buy a
new system? because it's Nintendo and it
ain't Nintendo without a catch. Like
this cool new GameCube controller, which
unlike the other licensed recent
Gamecube controllers, doesn't work with
any actual Switch games, doesn't work
outside of the Switch 2, and doesn't
work outside of the Nintendo online
GameCube emulator. What a deal. Speaking
of which, can we stop celebrating
features that are two decades late? Why
are we praising Nintendo for adding
voice chat when voice chat has been part
of games since the original Xbox? If
anything, they deserve more criticism
for making us pay $450 for an upgrade
that every system has had for four
console generations. I don't have a lot
to say about this sort of thing. I just
think it's hilarious that we're supposed
to find this praiseworthy when it's
something every system has had and that
Nintendo actively pretended they didn't
need. And now for the actual worst thing
in my opinion. What is that? What do you
think you're pulling on us? $80. We've
just started having to pay $70 for games
and Nintendo has already raised it to
80. Now, some, including Nintendo, have
said, "Oh, don't worry, fellas. It'll
definitely be worth that. So, don't
worry about it." No, [ __ ] that. I'm
going to come out and say this, and I
don't really care if anyone agrees. It
doesn't matter if a game is quote
unquote worth $80 or 90 or whatever
they're planning to charge for [ __ ]
GTA 6. The reason that this needs push
back is because it sets a horrid example
for the game industry and will just make
literally every company worse. First
off, in what universe is your game quote
unquote worth $80? Because if that's the
excuse, then we have to assume this is
literally the best video game ever made.
Because keep in mind, Pikmin 4, Mario
Odyssey, Breath of the Wild until now,
we'll get to that. Mario Kart 8 Deluxe,
all of these games only worth $60
apparently. So, if this game doesn't
match up to them, that means that
they're going to have to lower the
price, right? No. Because that excuse is
brain dead. The reason Nintendo is
charging $80 is for one reason. They
just want more money. They know Mario
Kart is the bestselling game on Switch.
And imagine if we got $20 more per copy.
And since it's a new console generation
for them, similar to how the $60 to $70
jump happened from the last gen to the
current one, they figured they could get
away with it. It also just kills any
hype I have for future releases. Yeah,
I'm excited for Donkey Kong, but the
fact I know every game released by
Nintendo will be in the realm of 70 and
$80, that excitement starts to die a
little bit. Like, at this point, I kind
of would rather Wind Waker and Twilight
Princess HD just stay on the Wii U now
because if they come to Switch 2, how in
God's name could you justify charging
$70 for a previous $50 game? Yes, you
could package them together and then
charge 70 for it. And I'm sure some
people would argue that it's worth it,
but we know for a fact they're not going
to do that. They would charge 70 for
each of them, maybe 80. The same will go
for any 3DS port. Why do I want Kid
Icarus on Switch 2 anymore? I paid $40
for it. Why would I want to pay upwards
of 80 just to play it again? Tomodachi
Life 2 has barely shown any footage, and
it is already my most anticipated game
of next year. I am so excited Tomodachi
Life is getting a sequel, but there's
just that nagging disappointment that
I'm going to have to fork over a ton of
money for it. Sure, it might be $60 on
Switch One, but how much are they going
to charge me to upgrade it to Switch 2?
Not only that, but everything feels like
it comes with another price tag. We'll
get to those accessories, but there's
that dumbass welcome game as well. It's
just a tech demo, an extremely simple
one from the looks of it. a tutorial
listing fun facts with some tech demo
style games. Not a bad idea. Show off
those new features. Except uh it's 10
bucks. Now, for most people, that ain't
much. A pittance really. But it begs the
question, why? Why show something that
is clearly meant to be a pack-in title
that you fiddle around with and then
tack on an arbitrary price tag? Of
course, I'm going to bring up Astro's
Playroom, an incredible tech demo that
looked and sounded gorgeous and was fun
to run through that also showed the
different things the PS5 could do all
for free. But there's also a game like
Wii Sports, one of the most popular
video games ever made because it was
something fun you could immediately
experience just for buying the Wii.
Nintendo Land didn't come with every Wii
U, but in my experience, it was really
hard to find one without it. All four
people I knew who owned a Wii U got
Nintendo Land with it. But then they
pulled One Two Switch, a massive scam of
a game that was $60 for a couple of
worse mini games than you would have
gotten in Nintendo Land. Everyone called
it what it was, a tech demo that should
have been free. So, they took that idea,
sanded it down, made it everything but a
pre-downloaded game, but they just
couldn't help but charge for it. It's
less that it's expensive, but more just
really It's like they were so upset at
the idea of having a pack-in tutorial
that they just had to put a price tag on
it. It's not the worst thing here, but
it is just so confusingly scummy. What
makes it even worse is that not only do
they expect more cash for new games? Uh,
I mean, if you could, could you hand
over some more cash for the old ones?
First off, a lot of old games are
getting up res versions for Switch 2.
Wow. Just like with the PS4 to 5. Wait,
wait, wait a sec, guys. Guys, the
monkeykey's paw is curling because
Nintendo can't just do a normal thing.
You can't just upgrade your games,
idiot. You got to give us more money.
Only a nominal fee that we won't
disclose because we know you'd be mad if
you saw it. [ __ ] off. The reason this is
so infuriating is twofold. One, Sony and
Microsoft have already been doing this
with games. And normally, if it is as
simple as updating a game from 1080p to
4K with better frame rates, that sort of
thing, it is free, no charge. Some do,
and a lot of times it really is
overpriced. But most of the time, if you
buy a cross-platform game, all it takes
is a quick download and boom, you're
playing the PS5 version. Nintendo's
doing the same thing, you guys. But of
course, if they just did that, there
wouldn't be one of their iconic Nintendo
catches. So, pay for it. Here is what it
looks like to me. Nintendo has the
absolute gall to be reselling versions
of their games on Switch 2 with the
updates prepackaged. But if someone
already say bought a game for $70, well
shoot, we're selling the 2-year-old game
for 80. If you were to play it on Switch
2, we would be missing out on those $10,
and that's not fair. So, no, it doesn't
matter if it's the 2-year-old Tears of
the Kingdom or the 8-year-old Breath of
the Wild. Pay your dues. And what do you
get for that extra cash on top of the
purchase you already made? Well, the
game looks and runs better. And here is
the most generous part. Now Nintendo has
given you permission to use guides on
your phone. So yeah, totally worth
upping the price of the 8-year-old game
from $60 to 70. I don't see the issue.
But this immediately shoots the idea
that these games are earning their
prices in the foot because these games
already earned the $60 to $70 price tags
they had. But now that they're older,
we're expected to pay more just because.
And don't even get me started on [ __ ]
like Mario Party Jamberee. I think $60
for the third Mario Party game in the
last 6 years is already insulting. And
they have the audacity to charge $80 for
it on Switch 2. How can anybody look at
this and not have an issue? I don't care
that the upgrade is cheaper. All in all,
you're forking $80 total for Mario
Party. Same thing with Kirby and the
Forgotten Land. old game. Buy it for $80
on Switch 2 or pay extra money to get
some DLC basically. Also, why is the DLC
Switch 2 exclusive? You don't need a
Switch 2 to run it. Whatever. Again,
Nintendo's reasoning says this game and
this game are the same quality. That's
their launch lineup, too. An $80 Mario
Kart, a new Donkey Kong game, and you
can pay them more money to make your old
games look better. At this point, that's
not really a catch because a catch
implies you might be getting something
good out of it. But to me, this is just
an insult, a confirmation Nintendo has
looked at their pedigree and simply
decided to stop pretending they're not
going to abuse it. Okay, editing Cole
here. I wanted to make a quick addendum.
First off, I've said a couple times now
that Donkey Kong is the launch title. I
thought it was until I was editing and
looked at the trailer again. It is not.
I'm just saying this here. I know it's
not. And in case I say it again, I'm
sorry. Second, I feel like I didn't
explain why this launch lineup is lame
to me. Now, compared to recent console
launches, it could be worse. But what I
truly mean is that I don't think it
justifies the purchase at the moment.
Like, the Switch One lineup wasn't great
either, but every month we had new
headliners where here we get two big
hits and that's really it for now. Of
course, they're actually still
supporting the older console. But I do
find the launch lineup a little empty
for what the console is being hyped up
as, considering it's one new game, a
bunch of old games, and the only promise
we have of a big new game is just one
coming out a month later. I just wanted
to elaborate a little bit back to the
actual thing. And that's not even the
most bothersome part to me. The game
industry is horrid. Almost all of it is
worse than Nintendo. I've complimented
Sony here, but at least Nintendo wasn't
trying to make 10 different live service
games at once. Are you kidding me?
Almost all of it is worse than Nintendo.
But the industry as a whole doesn't like
to be the first to pull [ __ ] Oh,
they will pull [ __ ]
Microtransactions, loot boxes, higher
prices, whatever. But the game industry
doesn't like to be originators. They
like to copy. Because if they're the
second person to say, "Add a battle pass
to a game you already paid 70 bucks
for." It'll be easier when their mom
starts scolding them to just say, "But
the other company did it first."
Nintendo has used that excuse before.
And hell, I've heard people use it for a
lot of the stuff Nintendo is doing.
Where I'm going, though, is that by
doing this, every one of those scummier
companies who were sitting at the edge
of the gates for years are now flooding
in. We can charge 100 bucks for GTA 6.
After all, Nintendo said it's cool to
charge for what we think the game is
worth. Why stop at a big game like that?
Why not charge up on Call of Duty? After
all, we charge 70 for the last one, and
this one we said is better. This
Assassin's Creed is the biggest yet. Why
aren't we charging 80 bucks? And yes,
they will absolutely pull that [ __ ] We
know that because Ubisoft CEO literally
said it years ago when Skull and Bones
was revealed to be $70 with the claim
that it was a quadruple a game and
deserved the higher price tag. You know,
the game with incredibly shallow
gameplay that advertised its
microtransactions and DLC with actual
ads when you played. That's worth 70
bucks to these people. And I know that
my straw man is going to say, "How is it
Nintendo's responsibility to keep these
other companies under control?" And
here's the thing, it's not. I'm not
arguing over responsibility or from a
corporate perspective. I'm talking about
it from a customer's perspective. This
is literally nothing but bad for
consumer. It's another way the game
industry is going to try to suck every
dime they can out of each player. And
when companies, like always, try to
excuse their [ __ ] who do you think
they're going to point at? And no, I
don't think this has anything to do with
the tariffs. If the physical copies were
the only ones that were $80, sure, but
tariffs don't affect digital goods,
which are also, by the way, $80. I'll
give them props for not making the
console cost more because of them,
legitimately. But I will say, if the
tariffs are lifted and these price hikes
on these already awful accessory prices
don't go down, yeah, that justification
goes away. And that's another thing that
bothers me. Tariff or not, everything
about this console feels so greedy.
$110 for a dock, $90 for the JoyCons,
$30 for an AC adapter, $80 for a [ __ ]
carrying case. Not to mention how hard
it'll probably be to get this [ __ ]
Nintendo has been awful during both the
Wii U and Switch eras at actually
stocking product. The Switch was
impossible to find, and a lot of
accessories were, too. But how can they
justify this? the potentially low
stocking, the extremely expensive
accessories, the $80 games. Well, I said
it a little bit in the first Nintendo
video, that dumbass logo. It's Nintendo,
the company that makes good games, the
one that isn't nearly as bad as the
other companies. So, it's okay that
they're doing it. It's okay they're
lowering the bar a little bit. It's okay
that they're charging for things other
consoles wouldn't. They're better. They
were my childhood and they're making a
new Donkey Kong game. I've been asking
for that for years. And that's where I
feel like this is all the most
frustrating. Nintendo is banking on
that. Banking on people who will defend
them without fail. Banking on people who
are upset but still excited for the new
video game. And here's the thing. Like I
said, if you are getting the console, if
you manage to get it very easily, if
you're excited, if you're happy, that's
awesome. I am glad you can enjoy things
easier than I can. But Nintendo at this
point, instead of trying to prove the
idea that they're one of the good ones,
that they aren't as low as the rest of
them, they're just cashing in all of
that goodwill to take consumers for a
ride. Like, because they're seen as
better than Activision, Blizzard, less
greedy than Ubisoft, because they're not
making 10 live services all at the same
time, expecting all of them to be
Fortnite. They can get away with it.
They can get away with charging more for
games, for accessories, for charging for
their tech demos where other companies
have given them for free. They're
Nintendo after all. They're our friends.
They gave me a friendship bracelet when
no, they might not be quite as low, but
they're starting to dig and they are
begging you to ignore the shovel in
their hands. And all that I ask is that
you don't ignore it. Boycotts don't tend
to work. And especially here, they
won't. 2 million people in Japan alone
are trying to pre-order the damn thing.
And here, as I write this, people are
gearing up super hard to try to
pre-order one. Actually, I'm recording
this 2 days later. It already happened.
and the launch is predicted to sell over
5 million units. But what I am going to
say is just don't be quiet. See, the
thing about Nintendo is again, they're
cashing in on goodwill. They know how
they're seen both by gamers and families
looking for a fun game for their kids.
They're the good ones, the safe bet, the
ones that won't try to take advantage of
a consumer. You can leave them alone
with the game, and when you come back,
they won't have spent all of your money
on gambling mechanics. So when they try
to get away with this stuff, be loud,
speak your dissatisfaction. Because
where a company like Activision Blizzard
will just happily be evil and not care
about the negative press, Nintendo
doesn't like it. The fact that they
responded to complaints about price at
all is proof of that. Imagine how they
would look if every stream they had was
bombarded with that negativity about
their business practices. If they were
known more for doing the [ __ ] that
they're doing than this precious little
game company that wouldn't hurt nobody.
At best, we could see change. After all,
going back to Pokemon Scarlet and
Violet, despite it selling insane
amounts of units, it got a ton of
negative backlash. And lucky here, the
next game after it has had much more
time in the oven and is being advertised
for its stability. Despite making tons
of money, the negative feedback was
actually taken. So, best case scenario,
Nintendo improves. Maybe not
immediately, but eventually. We won't
see constant $80 games, constant
[ __ ] And worst case scenario, they
don't change. But at least people will
associate them for what they are instead
of what they pretend to be. And before
anyone says it, yes, I know with
capitalism they can charge whatever they
want. But in capitalism, you require
competition. And Nintendo doesn't really
have it. You can't play a Nintendo game
on a PlayStation the same way you can't
play a PlayStation game on a Nintendo.
So their only real competition is
negative criticism and piracy. But we're
not going to talk about that right now.
And before we close out, obviously, just
like how you're free to buy whatever you
want, Nintendo is free to charge
whatever they want under whatever
context they want. But uh to put it
simply, I don't care. I'm always going
to side with the customers who are being
taken advantage of than the company
who's doing the annoying [ __ ] I'm not
going to listen to excuses like making
games is too expensive. Really crazy how
these game companies are making so much
money when making games doesn't make
them any money. And again, it's too late
for a boycott. As I said, it's the next
day now, but the system has already sold
gang busters, and people who didn't get
one are desperately trying to get one.
But that doesn't mean criticism is mood.
And if I'm being honest, I'm just at a
point where I wish I could be excited
for the system. I wish I could be
excited for these new games, but the
catches that come with them are getting
so obnoxious that it's killing any hype
I could have had. I'm sure I'm going to
have fun with it, and either way, again,
write off, baby. But I can't say I'm
really looking forward to what Nintendo
is doing in this next generation. I
don't really see myself making another
one of these videos as I feel I've said
all that I need to say, but it is really
disappointing to see Nintendo
acknowledge the criticism yet still
continue to get worse. And I hope the
recent backlash does teach them
something. But yeah, despite its flaws,
this gamer is going to have to give the
Switch 2 announcement a three out of 10.
I'll see you guys later as I never come
back.
[Music]