The Switch 2 has finally been announced
and revealed to the world. Can you even
believe it? A new Donkey Kong 3D
platformer. One we haven't seen in 25
years. This is dream come true. This is
This is heaven. I've died and gone to
heaven. This new console and all these
great new games. It's all going to be
available for the low low price
of what? What was it? And it's going to
cost $450. $450. $450. It's $450.
This is
outrageous. It's unfair. And that's just
for the the console itself. Once I
bought a Wii
U, I made it
run. Played some games in my
time. Once I bought a Wii
U. Now it's
done. Brother, can you spare a switch?
What's up, everybody? This is the
homeless man here and today the great
gamer depression is upon us. This is my
great depression outfit. I'm going to
take it off because it is obnoxiously
hot and not just cuz I'm the one wearing
it. Hey. Hey, that really sucked. So, in
a 2-hour long direct, Nintendo revealed
the Switch 2 and all the different
features. They gave us a ton of info on
the system, its upgrades, downgrades,
those are important, a few brand new
launch titles to look forward to, and a
whole bunch of third-party support.
Eight years ago, the Switch came out and
started a new generation of consoles.
And this is the dawn of a new
generation. And would you look at that?
The next Pokemon game looks like it's
running off of a [ __ ] GameCube. A
time that should be filled with
excitement, nerdgasms, if you will. But
alas, were it so easy? Nintendo is
asking you to drop
$450 on a Switch 2. That is the baseline
price for people in the US, though I'm
sure it's all [ __ ] up in different
countries as well. Oh my goodness.
People are understandably frustrated.
What? Why? I thought you liked spending
money. Don't Don't ever stop consuming.
You love consuming. Don't ever stop. But
why exactly are gamers upset with the
Switch 2 and with these price tags? Is
it worth picking up? Do we even know if
this will be the final price of the
console? Is the price going to increase
or decrease? Why are pre-orders in the
US suddenly being delayed? Who's [ __ ]
with my video games? Godamn it. Now, I
do want to give my first impressions of
the Switch 2 and talk about some of the
more exciting stuff. Introducing Game
Chat. With this feature, you'll be able
to communicate with friends and family
while playing a game.
I'll [ __ ] you up. now and uh but we'll
have to do that later in the video
because uh right now we have to talk
about the elephant in the room because
in Nintendo's first live stream after
the direct uh people were spamming lower
the price in chat. Obviously this is the
biggest talking point on the internet
for the Switch 2. Not just the $450
price tag, but
also brace yourselves. Some games,
including Mario Kart World, are going to
be priced at $80 for the digital edition
or $90 if you want to buy it physical.
Once I bought a
GameCube, Luigi's
Mansion, Melee, Wind Waker, and
Prime. Once I bought a
GameCube, now it's done.
Brother, can you spare a game?
The $80 cost of a game, a single game.
But why are you upset? Why are you
upset? Do you love spending more money?
You told me that yesterday, remember?
Don't you know I'm gaslighting you? And
this is all besides the other premium
stuff and subscriptions Nintendo has
been shilling in New Direct.
Everything's more expensive, right?
Yeah. The accessories are more expensive
than they've ever been. The new Pro
Controller is $80. A left and right
Joy-Con, that's $90. Now they're $13 for
the straps. I'm here for money. Money.
Obviously, a big part of this backlash
comes from the fact that Nintendo has
always been the accessible, budget
friendly option for gamers. Nintendo may
not pack state-of-the-art hardware, but
their library is unquestionably top
tier. They are the familyfriendly brand,
the dads and moms. If you're a dad or a
mom who've got kids you got to pay for
and take care of and send to school, uh
you're going to want the cheapest, most
convenient thing if you want to retain
some semblance of those uh youthful
hobbies you used to have. Look at you.
Look at you becoming a parent. Look at
this guy. He reproduced. What a dork.
I'm so lonely. For a lot of families,
when they look at $500 for the game of
Mario Kart, I think you're going to have
a we have a Nintendo Switch at home
situation. But once Nintendo starts
pushing this $80 price tag for these
premium Switch 2 games, uh, yarn fiddle
D new piracy techniques are all right
with me. Now, if Nintendo is able to get
away with these $80, $90 price tags, no
doubt Xbox and PlayStation and the
competition are going to match that.
They're going to adopt these higher
price tags for more and more games. I'm
not sure if it's 100% confirmed that
physical copies are going to cost $90,
but if true, [ __ ] you. Why? Well, you
you want to you want to have a shelf of
games? You want to you want to
physically own it so you can look at a
shelf and figure out what game to play?
No. No, stupid. You want a digital
library of games that you buy that you
end up forgetting you have. Despite how
cool the console might be, the things
I'm seeing that I love about it, uh,
Nintendo is kind of shooting themselves
in the foot by setting these price
precedents. But who is entirely to
blame? Because I don't I don't
understand this, Nintendo. I don't get
you. I don't get you. Don't get you no
more. Uh, excuse me. Nintendo's biggest
fanboy here. Okay. Act gamers are
stupid. They don't understand. All
right. Adjusted for inflation. This
console is cheaper than previous
Nintendo consoles. Games are cheaper
adjusted for inflation than they were
back in the 80s. These pe these gamers
are stupid. It doesn't make sense.
Actually, you're right. Video games are
a product like any other though. They
are subject to inflation over time. But
most publishers for a very long time
were too afraid to raise the cost of a
brand new game past $60. and it was 65
and then it was 70. But they found ways
to monetize games in other ways, which
we've talked about maybe once or twice
on this channel. Uh, and the rest is
history. As the co-founder of Costco
once said, "If you raise the price of
the hot dog, I will [ __ ] kill you."
This describes the sentiment among
gamers around the $60 price tag. It's
kind of something that's just etched
into our being. New game comes out. Do I
have 60 bucks? Like, can I afford it?
It's been ingrained in our heads for so
long that any increase seems insane
because we've also been dealing with
loot boxes, battle passes, paid
progression systems, and a bunch of
other [ __ ] we don't need to get into.
But guys, let's let's be real. I mean,
you know, with GTA 6 around the corner,
I'm sure Rockstar is going to stick with
$60 price tag, right? Right. Cuz why why
why would they increase that? Now, let's
put on our economy glasses so I can make
sense of this for you. Let's start with
the numbers. I like numbers because they
don't lie. Thanks to the user JML
Master, he has calculated the inflation
adjusted price for each Nintendo
console. And it's really not that crazy.
The Switch 2 isn't middle of the road,
but it's a little bit higher than that.
It's still not the max and it's not
anywhere close to PS5 Pros what, $700.
So, what gives? Well, I'm going to throw
some numbers up on screen of what gives.
basically adjusted for inflation. The
median income of a household in the US
has barely gone up since 1985. House
prices meanwhile have skyrocketed. What
does this mean? It means people don't
have disposable income. Not enough cash,
stranger. That's why they're pissed is
pretty simple. When more and more people
start living paycheck to paycheck, then
non-essentials like video games and
hobbies become just that, non-essential.
You will own less and you will be happy.
Not to mention the incoming tariff sales
tax that we're adding. I can't why do I
have to talk about tariffs? Why can't
you just let me be excited for a video
game console? It's unfortunate then that
real world politics could potentially
drive up the cost of the Switch 2 and
therefore I have to [ __ ] talk about
it. In a worst case scenario estimates
I've seen the cost of the Switch 2 could
be increased by 50% by the tariff sales
tax. Again, that's probably worst case
scenario, but it says something that I
feel like I have to prepare for that
reality. Now, what has Nintendo done to
prepare for these tariffs? Well,
thankfully something. At the very least,
they've started to stockpile Switch 2
consoles in the US numbering about
350,000. So, at the very least, the
Switch 2OS that are in the United States
will be sold at the $450 margin,
assuming. Some people have theorized
that the cost is taking tariff sales tax
into account. Upon looking at some
recent articles, this is probably more
likely, but who really knows what's
going to happen. Nintendo has updated
GameStop, saying that they're removing
pre-orders for the Switch 2 to assess
the potential impact of the tariff sales
tax and evolving market conditions. This
uncertainty is only going to spark
further panic and demand once pre-orders
are reopened and once consoles are being
loaded onto shelves, especially amongst
the hardcore Nintendo enthusiasts uh who
would be willing to sacrifice their
firstborn child to get one of these
things on the release night. With enough
panic and demand, you know who comes
back, everyone's favorite sequel,
everyone's favorite businessman,
Scalpers 2. with uncertainty of how much
this is going to cost. Uh it's going to
be ripe for the picking for scalpers, I
would imagine. So that there's another
thing to look forward to. So we have no
idea if the $450 price tag is going to
stick. All we can be certain of is
uncertainty. When people are confused,
they get angry. It's really that simple.
Regardless, this is going to be a
bloodbath for people's wallets and bank
accounts. I think gamers are more irate
this time around because video games
have always been uh in escape. I'm
remembered of that Modern Warfare 2
video how gamers dealt with the the
recession. And so with so many people
already strapped for cash, they feel
like they can't even afford the latest
and greatest escape from life and
reality. So that's most of the bad. Now
let's move on to the Direct itself. I
think this is what also makes it a
difficult pill to swallow is that this
new Mario Kart looks [ __ ] amazing.
All right, they they added skating. What
is this? Jetet Radio Future. What is
Tony Hawk going to be a playable
character and wall jumps in a cart
racer? Nintendo always finds ways to
innovate on franchises that you wonder
like what more could you do with it? All
right, to be fair, I think Nintendo is
running out of characters because now
we're getting hyped for cow, but from
from like Mumu Farms. There's a reason
Nintendo opened with Mario Kart World.
It's because Mario Kart 8 sold uh
75 million copies. No doubt Mario Kart
World is going to be a Switch 2
exclusive to drive sales to the console.
It's a good strategy. The maps look
great. The idea of being able to go off
the track and race to the next race and
just [ __ ] around with your buddies,
that's that's very appealing to me.
Mario Kart World looks like a big W.
What's next? Introducing Game Chat. It
has taken Nintendo 23 years to catch up
to Xbox Live. Nintendo is such a weird
company because they're like they're
always behind on some trends, but way
ahead of the curve on others. They're
always at the peak of their video game
development prowess. But when it comes
to like something like voice chat, like
well, how does this work? Again, that
familyfriendly brand image. Well, you
know, voice chat on a Nintendo console.
What could go wrong? I live in Smeavic,
Birmingham. If you want the [ __ ]
ball, come down. Ask for DG. I'll come
and I'll break your [ __ ] legs. I love
how Nintendo always introduces these
social features in the most like
whimsical, childlike, innocent way.
Meanwhile, I'm like crippled by years of
Xbox Live PTSD. So, here's the bad news.
Uh, you're going to have to pay to use
Game Chat. Now, I'll give them credit.
Game chat looks like it has much more
applicability than something like
Discord would have where you can
actually like in Mario Party see the
expressions, the facial expressions of
your friends as you [ __ ] them in the ass
and steal their stars. That's that's
going to be highly important to me as a
huge piece of [ __ ] So, on top of the
$450, 80 bucks for the game, now they
want you to pay a subscription fee to
play the game online and to be able to
use Game Chat. Two separate
subscriptions. I will say having a
10-month free period is great. And
there's this.
What is it? That's Dench. I've smelled
it before. Your voice is recognized by a
microphone built into the system. It can
pick up your speaking voice clearly,
even from a distance. They are bringing
the connect back. You know what that
means? It means you and your friends are
going to be witnessing god tier levels
of echo. When it's noisy around you,
your voice will still come through
clearly. [ __ ] Ain't no way Nintendo
is coming into the voice game chat this
late and it's going to be it's just
going to work. What Switch 2 screen
share will look like? No, probably. The
fact that they're showing the screen
share be a bit laggy indicates that
that's probably what it's going to look
like as opposed to, you know, having it
look perfect in this presentation with
the smoke and mirrors and then people
buy the console, they use the screen
share and it looks like [ __ ] But this
whole camera feed thing, I feel like is
absolutely going to create some viral
marketing for the Switch camera. So,
what I like about the Switch 2 is that
Nintendo is refining their original
concept and making genuine improvements
in pretty much every way from 120 FPS on
handheld. That's kind of nutty. I think
we're past the era of game consoles
making these huge graphical leaps with
new generations. Uh, but the Switch
performed obnoxiously well despite how
underpowered it was compared to the
Series X and PS5. Everything from like
the size of buttons to the magnetic
grips. My controllers used to [ __ ] up
and couldn't connect on the sides. So,
and Joy-Cons that can be used as a
mouse. It's gimmicky stuff like this
that really is going to make for some
hilarious Mario Party mini games. My
current location is actually inside the
game itself.
Then there's Nintendo Switch Welcome
Tour. It's It's Mei Verse 2.0. My god.
But it seems to be playing off of like
Astro's Playroom, which was a great game
in a fun tech showcase for the PS5. And
guess what? That was free. This is not
what? But this doesn't even look like a
video game. It looks like a series of
tutorials. Why would I pay for this?
Like, come on, man. Give it Give us a
free game with the console if you're
going to charge 80 bucks. Give us a free
game or two. Like, remember Wii Sports?
It came with the console. I do think
it's cool that the mouse controller
stuff seems like they're still utilizing
that old Wii remote functionality, but
it's cool. Now, it looks like they're
also doing upgrade games. You know, what
Sony is doing with the PS5 where they're
reselling the same game, but you know,
maybe a little upgrade fee for some
pretty minute improvements. These are
not all that impressive to me. Metroid
Prime 4. Oh my god, finally another game
we could talk about that we're actually
excited for. Metroid fans have been
eaten like kings recently, and Prime 4
is likely going to be no exception. It's
definitely the right call to release
this on Switch and Switch 2 since it was
announced before the Switch 2. Feel like
a real slap in the dick if it were
otherwise. I'm hyped for this. Pokemon
Legends. Well, it's a massive
improvement from Scarlet and Violet,
which, you know, looked a little worse
than N64 games, but we've Pokemon has
finally gotten to Gamecube level
quality. Are you [ __ ] Are you kidding
me, dude? Not impressed at all with
Pokémon. Then there was this oddball
announcement for wheelchair robot
basketball. Give it to me. Okay. The
sports genre side of gaming has been so
static, repetitive, and boring for
years. We need stuff like NBA Jam or NFL
Blitz or Wheelchair Basketball or Rocket
League. This looks fun. On top of this,
Nintendo is partnering with a ton of
thirdparty studios to bring games like
Hogwarts Legacy, Elden Ring, Street
Fighter 6, Hades 2 to the Switch, too.
Also, I did not realize that Tony Hawk
Pros Skater 3 and 4 were getting remade
because it doesn't say it's a remake in
the title
[Music]
there. Ah, yes. The long coveted
GameCube emulator, which you can access
for free
using using certain means. Do you like
dolphins? I like dolphins. Yo,
Soulcalibur 2. Okay. Okay. I I [ __ ]
with that. Get ready to experience F0
GX. Could it be an F-Zero
acknowledgement after so many years?
F-Zero GX. So, this is a pretty decent
lineup for the Gamecube emulator. What
would be interesting to see is if we'll
be able to play these games online. Oh
my god. To close out this show, Nintendo
dropped three bombshells. Dusk Bloods, a
new game from From Software. People are
calling it Bloodborne 2, and it looks
incredible. And Kirby Air Riders,
unexpected. Sakurai is directing it.
There's a lot of racing games showed off
in in this direct, but Kirby Airride
always felt like such an incredibly fun
game that just didn't have a whole lot
of content at the end of the day. That
game truly deserved a sequel, and I'm
happy to see that it's getting one. But
now it's time for the big bananas. The
big big bananas.
Here we go. Oh my [ __ ] god. This game
looks like it's going to be the Mario
Odyssey of Donkey Kong games. Just the
way that you can break the map and
destroy it and just
and become a monkey. Like, I don't know
what you want me to say. It just This
looks like they're bridging the gap
between Donkey Kong 64 and all the
recent Donkey Kong Country games, which
I could not be more excited for. But
where is Diddy? Where is Diddy? No, not
him. Also, I like how they showed just
like 3 seconds of Silk Song after people
have been losing their minds waiting for
it. So, here's where I'm at with Switch
2. The games look great. The
improvements to the console itself are
much appreciated. That stuff is
important to me, but the increased price
of games over time is going to add up
and I'm worried about that. Why are
gamers upset with the Switch 2? Well,
it's a combination of things, but it's
pretty simple. Money. Money. Like I
said, folks in the US don't have a whole
lot of disposable income right now. And
when times are tough, everybody needs an
escape. If you can afford that escape,
but if you can't, then you're just [ __ ]
out of luck. If people feel like they
can't even afford to escape, then that's
a pretty worrying sign. And it's not so
much a statement about Nintendo's
prices, but rather a cost of living that
people are dealing with. I thought the
presentation was fun, colorful,
creative. There's a lot of things to be
excited for, but Nintendo is certainly
making some questionable choices and
we'll see how it plays out. But those
are my thoughts on the Switch 2 Direct.
What do you think? Let me know your
thoughts and opinions in the comments
below. Don't forget to like the video if
you enjoyed it and subscribe to the
ActMan for more awesome content. All
right, everyone. That's all I got for
today. This is the ActMan signing out.
Peace.