The conversation surrounding the
Nintendo Switch 2 has been divisive to
say at the very least. And it's been
very interesting seeing a number of
video game executives chime in. We saw
Shuhei Yoshida, longtime PlayStation
executive. He chimed in about the Switch
to Direct. He said it was underwhelming
until From Software showed up. His main
criticism was just the fact that
Nintendo was concentrating a lot of
their announcements on remakes and ports
rather than firstp partyy new games. And
there was only one or two of those
obviously with Donkey Kong and Mario
Kart World. And Yoshida though in recent
days has taken his um disappointment
with the Switch 2 up a notch saying that
it felt like Nintendo is losing its
identity with the Switch 2 reveal.
Specifically, he said to me it was a bit
of a mixed message from Nintendo in a
sense. I think Nintendo was losing their
identity. For me, they are always about
creating some new experience like
designing hardware and games together to
create something an amazing new
experience. But Switch 2, as we all
anticipated, is just a better Switch,
right? It's the larger screen, more
powerful processor, higher resolution,
4K 128 fps. They even had a hardware
person starting the stream like other
platforms do, right? And because it's a
better Switch, the core premise of the
whole Switch 2 is we made things better,
and that's something other companies
have been doing all the time. Of course,
it's a more powerful Switch, so it's
great if your gaming was only on
Nintendo hardware, and it's the first
time for you to be able to play amazing
games like Elden Ring for the first
time. But for us, the core gamers who
own multiple hardware and play games on
PlayStation, Xbox, and other platforms,
the games they showed off, especially
from third parties in theory, it's
amazing to have all those allstars of
industry games on Nintendo hardware.
However, what they showed was like, oh,
and I think with the Nintendo Switch 2,
it's going to be very interesting to see
if it has the long-term success because
it does feel like it's following a
similar route that the Wii did with the
Wii U, and we saw how that blew up in
Nintendo's phase. Although this time
around it does feel like they're taking
things a little bit back because the Wii
to the Wii U, the Wii U obviously did a
couple of very different things and it
didn't work all that well. And also
thirdparty uh publishers are very much
now working with Nintendo. They want to
be on the platform. That hasn't always
been the case. With the Switch 2, they
gave a lot of these developers more
power and we're seeing a number of games
that kind of felt like there was no way
they would ever be on this platform.
they are going to be there like
Cyberpunk 2077 and I assume a number of
massive releases in the future like
Grand Theft Auto 6. I'm sure eventually
they will make it to this platform
because of the again the hardware
advancements that have been made here.
We also saw Mike Yabara, a long-term uh
executive at Xbox and Blizzard. He left
in recent years. He criticized Legend of
Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom saying, "I
hope so. It looks like a game from 2000
about it now running at 4K 60fps."
Yabara has been a little bit more
notorious as of the last, I guess you
could say, couple months with
headscratching remarks. He took aim at
Marvel rivals infamously just a couple
of months ago with a bunch of inaccurate
information. We did see Shawn Leaden,
another former executive at Sony, uh
talking about the hefty uh price hikes
for the Switch 2. Specifically, he said,
"Here you see, wow, that's kind of a
hefty price uh hike from Switch One to
Switch 2 and wow, 80 bucks for a game,
but it's the only place where you can
play Mario. Then you get your wallet and
you buy into it. In Donkey Kong and
Zelda, that first party exclusivity kind
of mitigates the sticker shock, if you
will, of these price hikes because you
want that content so bad. FOMO in a way.
And that is, I mean, that's how
Nintendo's business is. They have some
of the most notorious, some of the most
infamous, family-friendly franchises,
and that is the only place where you're
going to get those games and that IP.
And Nintendo knows that. That's why the
prices don't come down. But still, right
now, the criticism around that $80 price
tag with Mario Kart World, and I'm sure
many games to come in the future, is
something that isn't going away. We've
seen multiple commentary pieces like
this. Mario Kart World looks fantastic,
but still is not worth the price. And
after the recent direct surrounding
Mario Kart World, a lot of people are
still saying this, this exact same
thing. The game isn't selling itself for
$80. And despite what Nintendo, Doug
Bowser, and other executives have said
about Mario Kart World, it's a fantastic
game. Blah blah blah blah blah. It's not
uh giving any reason why it should be at
that price. And I think it really just
comes down fundamentally to greed. Greed
of this industry that Nintendo is
starting because we are going to see
many other developers follow in their
footsteps. And this is something that
Nintendo has pretty much just said they
don't care about that. They're just
making uh these decisions with their
theirelves in mind. And that's okay. But
I do think we are going to see the
effects from this industry and how
gamers again the money just isn't there.
The economy isn't the greatest and I do
think you're going to see that impact
with a number of franchises especially
if the prices you know industrywide
continue to go upward. This is the
reason why they feel so comfortable
making Mario Kart World $80. And it's
because Mario Kart 8 Deluxe sold almost
70 million units. One of the most
successful uh games of all time and
that's why they're seeing like paying
another $10. A lot of families, I guess
in their mind, they think they'll be
okay with that. But again, the long-term
damage that this industry is inflicting
on families and gamers, especially
because the Switch was all about
affordability, that isn't the case
anymore. And I think it's going to be
really interesting to see, you know, if
the Switch 2 can match up to this to the
success of the Switch One. And so far,
I'm extremely skeptical on that. But the
bad news surrounding the Switch 2 has
only continued. We saw The Legend of
Zelda: Breath of the Wild, some news
surrounding that. The Switch 2 edition
won't be including the DLC. Mind you,
this uh Switch 2 version will cost $70
US. Then you have to pay another $20 to
play the DLC. And including taxes,
you're probably going to have to pay
almost $100 for a game that released
seven or eight years ago. And I've
already given my criticism in a previous
video about how these advancements,
these upgrades for the, you know, the
Breath of the Wild now on the Switch 2,
it just doesn't look like much,
especially compared to what PlayStation
Xbox have both done with their
remasters. I just don't think that uh
the price is acceptable. But that is
what Nintendo is all about. We actually
saw some insider accounts coming from
former Nintendo employees saying that
this isn't Ubisoft says the company's
mantra of respective value holds. So
that is how they feel about the pricing
and that's why the prices don't go down.
And again, when you have a monopoly
almost on a lot of these family
franchises, family IP, this is what
Nintendo feels like they can get away
with and they have. And it does feel a
little bit worse, especially with the
prices only increasing now and them
trying to sell older games and, you
know, still giving it that premium price
tag. I honestly find that unacceptable,
but obviously many Nintendo fans just
don't really care. And again, that's how
normalization happens. But there also
has been outcry surrounding the actual
price of the console being around
$450 because of the fact that in other
regions, it's much much more. like
especially in Norway, I think it's
almost $700 US dollars comparatively.
And uh why is the Nintendo Switch 2 so
expensive in Norway? Market price, the
store says while the importer refuses to
answer. And yeah, these are the price
equivalents in some of these regions and
it's brutal. I mean, this is I
understand that 450 I don't think many
people have an issue with that, you
know, but again, other territories, I
think that's a different conversation to
be had. But there's also been again the
main criticism really is about the game
prices and how greedy Nintendo is being
this time around. And again, former
Nintendo PR managers did comment on this
pricing backlash and they even
acknowledged how damaging that this
could be. Uh Nintendo PR managers Kit
Ellis and Christa Yang. They said that
it was a deliberate omission by Nintendo
not to reveal the console pricing in its
presentation, leading fans to scramble
online to find out how much the games
and console cost. I don't want to blow
things out of proportion, but this does
feel like a true crisis moment for
Nintendo. And I agree. I I really do.
And that's why again, we have seen
Nintendo fans with comments like this.
This controversy about Mario Kart World
$80 price is completely asinine. Gamers
have been paying 80 to1 130 for
valueless and overpriced premium and
deluxe editions. Again, this is a
generalization because most gamers
aren't buying that type of stuff.
Nintendo gives more content in their
games than any other company in gaming.
And that's again, that's subjective.
That's not even true. Um, that we have
other opinions like this one. Nintendo
fans will defend anything when you ask
the Nintendo fanboys why the Mario Kart
and Donkey Kong game cost $80. Leave the
multi-billion dollar company alone.
Although Donkey Kong is 70. And again,
that is the pricing variability that
Doug Bowser has announced in which some
games will be 70, maybe even cheaper.
Some games will be 80. And I'm guessing
the more premium experiences that the
new benchmark is going to be that $80
price tag. But don't worry though
because we do have some of these Reddit
comments that are going viral in which
uh yeah my uncle works at Nintendo. So
Nintendo is going to be have internal
meetings tomorrow to discuss the Switch
2 price change that nothing's happened
and again I think this is just some uh
opium and unfortunately nothing is uh
nothing has come about and I don't think
Nintendo is backing down. I'm sure that
they expected some backlash. Maybe not
this amount, but they had to have known
some backlash was going to be coming
being the first uh AAA publisher to now
to increase prices now to 80. But
indeed, staying on the subject of
pricing, there has been a lot of outcry
in regards to this $9.99 tutorial. I
mean, that's what it is, a Switch to
tutorial, which has a lot of its uh
content surrounding, you know, the
buttons, there's quizzes, there's some
little mini games, but in years past,
Nintendo has been notorious for giving
that stuff away for free. We've seen
other publishers do similar things.
Astrobot, notoriously for the
PlayStation 5 was free and it it ended
up being massive for PlayStation. In the
past, we saw how massive this was for
Nintendo with the Wii with, you know,
Wii Sports. But unfortunately, it just
doesn't seem like Nintendo cares. Again,
it just really feels like they're
doubling down on their greed. Obviously,
there's been all kinds of conversation
with the worldwide economy and tariffs
and such, but all these prices were set
in stone long before then. And based on
some of the new price increases that
we're about to get into, certain things
are going up. They are increasing. But
specifically with this tutorial, the
$9.99 is not an exorbitant price. This
is what Nintendo exec defending the
Switch to Welcome Tour price had to say.
And his overall remarks was in an
interview with IGN. He said that $9.99
is not an exorbitant price in his eyes
and it's a pretty robust piece of
software with a lot of great detail in
there. He says about the welcome tour.
For some people, I think there are
people who are interested, particularly
interested in the tech and the specs of
the system and things like that. For
them, I think it's going to be a great
product, and that's who I guess it's
made for. And for that reason, and just
the amount of care and work that the
team put into it, I guess his argument
is that passion equals they have to
charge for this. That's ridiculous. I
think it was decided that yeah, this
feels like $9.99. It's not an exorbitant
price. It feels like a good value for
what you're getting out of the product.
Now, an interesting response that we got
in regards to the defense and everything
that has been going on, the outrage
surrounding this welcome tour, which is
really just a paid tutorial, was that
Reggie Film, I can never say that right,
the former Nintendo president weighed in
on this with a couple of interesting
tweets. The story of Wii Sports Packin,
this is literally the day after all
these remarks, all this conversation
started surrounding the Welcome Tour.
and he linked to a couple of clips in
which he had discussions back in the
past fights at Nintendo about getting
the Wii Sports packed in for free. Why
is that relevant now? Well, Doug Bowser
is the current president at Nintendo and
obviously he didn't fight for this. He
felt that I guess gamers deserve to be
charged pretty much. And uh Bowser is
doing what Bowser is known for. And it
is interesting just to know that Doug
Bowser comes from the Electronic Arts
pipeline. He was a former EA executive
which kind of fits with the EA motto of
pretty much selling anything and
everything. But specifically, this is
the interview that Reggie Phyis linked
to, and he talks about his fights in the
past, and I think it is extremely
relevant to what's happening now over
whether or not to pack in Wii Sports
with the Wii. And Miyamoto uh pushed
back pretty hard against that. And uh it
was quite the it was like one of the
biggest points of discussion um and kind
of one of the bigger wins for you.
Yeah, it's an understatement to say that
Mr. Miiamoto push back um you know
during during the development of the Wii
and the Wii Sports um software. You know
again the the goal was you know we
wanted this system to uh to be
attractive not only to the most active
players but to new players and to bring
them into the video gaming experience.
Yeah. And the thing is even PlayStation
has realized that in recent years of the
PlayStation 5. I've had uh so many
different criticisms of how Sony has
handled that, but they made a smart
decision by, you know, putting Astrobot
in the box for everybody to play. And
for some reason, Nintendo just doesn't
have that mindset, I guess, anymore. Or
they don't understand the value or
they're riding on their high horse and
they just think Switch 2 is going to be
an automatic win because the Switch has
become such a behemoth. And I just think
that's extremely ridiculous. And we saw
Wii Sports as the way to be able to do
that because each of these sports made
great use of the Wii remote. Uh each uh
each sport was known by a global
population, right? People know what golf
is, they know what bowling is, they know
what baseball is. Yeah. And you know, my
my recommendation was that we pack Wii
Sports in with the hardware. And
literally when I first made this
suggestion, Mr. Miyamoto said, you know,
Reggie, Nintendo does not give away
software for free. Um, you know, we, you
know, you don't understand how hard our
developers work to create compelling
content like this. And yeah, again, it
seems like that mindset has only
continued now here into this future in
which I guess nobody was there to say
give the counterargument that I guess
Reggie did in the past. And it's the
fact that it's beneficial to the
console, the overall health of the
console. And it's not like there isn't
value that's being given to players. I
guess they only think value comes from
people actually, you know, handing over
cash. And I just, again, another
ridiculous part of this. Now you know
fortunately because my SNES came packed
in with software I knew that in fact the
company has given away software in the
past but it was against a very strategic
objective and and that was my commentary
back to Mr. Miiamoto that, you know, by
including Wii Sports, we would
immediately have value in the hardware
as the consumers opening it up and and
setting it up. But more importantly, we
would have a touchstone piece of
software that so many consumers would
experience. They would talk about it.
Uh, you know, it's what led to Wii
Sports being played in bars, being
played on cruise ships, being played in
Yeah, it was an absolute behemoth
because it was in as many players' hands
as possible. And that's the benefit you
would get out of this welcome tour
because obviously it has quizzes and
stuff I don't think most people are
going to be interested in. But there are
mini games, some stuff that families and
everybody can play with from the get-go.
And, you know, hassling over for 10
bucks. It's just so it's so dumb in my
opinion. It really is. retirement homes.
It became uh you know this universal
experience. Um but he was not happy when
I first made the suggestion to the point
where on a subsequent visit to Kyoto and
the headquarters. The team showed me
software that would become we play. So,
a collection of mini games, you know,
and those themselves were fun as well,
but they didn't have the connective
tissue that Wii Sports had uh with uh
with all of the experiences. So, then I
proceeded to piss Mr. Miiamoto off again
by suggesting that we bundle Wi Play
with the Wii remote. Uh, and he was not
happy about that either. But you know in
the end in the Americas and in Europe
Wii Sports was packed in uh with the the
Wii proposition. It was not in Japan
which created a bit of a test market and
you know it was obvious that in the
markets where Wii Sports was packed in
that we became much more of a
phenomenon. uh Wii Sports itself became
much more of a phenomenon and we did
pack the remote with Wii Play and I
think it became the fifth belling fifth
bestselling piece of software in uh in
the history of Wii. So that's a couple
early wins for me and and luckily
initiatives that worked in the
marketplace. Money talks, success talks
and that ultimately is something that I
guess Nintendo has forgotten here.
Again, I guess they just feel the need
for that $10 that I think more players
than not are just going to completely
ignore in favor for the more premium
experiences. I just think it's a a big
mistake on Nintendo's part, but it
doesn't appear that they are backing
down, at least right now. But yeah,
Reggie Film, he'd linked to all these
these specific clips on his uh Twitter
account. Clearly, this is his response
to what's happening by the current
executives that are running Nintendo,
and it's obvious that he disagrees with
them. I do think it is worth mentioning
that this is not the first time that
Reggie has spoken out against this
current Nintendo. It was actually just
about two or so years ago in which
Reggie went viral saying, "This isn't
the Nintendo that I left." In reference
to a story about Nintendo of America
coming under fire for its alleged
mistreatment of part-time and contract
workers. So, obviously Reggie and how
Doug Bowser has been running this
company, disagreements, they've been
running deep for a while now. appears
the chaos that has been surrounding the
Switch 2 with its pricing has only
continued. Fortunately, it does seem
like the tariffs and all that stuff
isn't going to impact the console going
up or the games at least right now. But
we have heard some new prices that have
been announced by Nintendo. And again,
we have the confirmation for all the
prices, a lot of them that we've already
seen before. But the big one that a lot
of people are paying attention to is the
Joy-Con 2 pair. Yeah, it's going to be
almost $100.
So, this is going to be an expensive
console. If you want everything, it is
going to be extremely expensive. That is
what's become abundantly clear. And I do
think that there is going to be a lot of
families and a lot of people that are
going to be turned off. And I do wonder
again about long-term success. I just
don't think it's going to be there
immediately like how it was with the
Switch One. But, uh, yeah, like I said,
Nintendo's response to those who cannot
afford a Switch 2. Doug Bowser did a
recent interview in which he just said,
"Well, you got the Switch One there. Go
play that instead." in which yes
obviously many gamers a lot of people
that have lived this and you've been
around you know the Xbox and have heard
similar remarks from Don Madak who in
which you know people were talking about
at that time with the Xbox One you know
some of the criticisms with the online
always online connectivity Don Maddock
was like well you got the Xbox 360 go
play that so the similarities between
what Doug Bowser's been saying with the
Switch 2 and what Don Madak said about
the Xbox One back in the day very very
similar we saw how that blew up in
Xbox's case. And many think that this
could end up blowing up in Nintendo's
face with how they've handled all of
this. But indeed though, Nintendo has a
lot of different issues with the Switch
2, not even just involving the pricing.
We have the game chat screen sharing.
Why it has a low frame rate has been
explained. They confirmed it is. It's
going to have choppy image because they
don't want it to use as much from the,
you know, the actual hardware of the
Switch 2. So, what that means is that
it's not going to look phenomenal, which
I just find that as a hilarious
admission, but I guess that's one of the
things that I guess you have to do. But
it is funny that this is one of those
things that C button that uh ends up
being a payw wall that you have to have
the Nintendo uh subscription and if you
don't it's just one of those things that
uh it's just there pretty much. But then
another thing, this is one of those
things that's unverified, but Switch 2
edition Zelda games won't support cloud
saves to back up your data. There's just
a lot of different issues with the
Switch 2 console right now. A lot of
things that aren't clear and I think a
lot of that is because of the pissport
communication on Nintendo's part. And
hopefully we do start getting a lot more
clarity, but right now I just I can't
say I'm extremely excited for the Switch
2. There's definitely some games I'm
eager to play, but I don't think there's
anything about this console that makes
me want to run out like I did back what
around 2015, 2016 for the Switch one.
Just very different environments now,
especially with the economy also. But
look, there are upsides with the Switch
2. There are this is one of the biggest
ones. A game like Cyberpunk 2077 running
on the Switch 2 and everybody saying
that it runs extremely well, that should
make people extremely optimistic that
there's going to be some great games
coming to this console in the future as
well as, you know, developers having
more power at their hands to deliver
experiences that they wouldn't have been
able to with the Switch One hardware.
That's at least one big positive that in
the future could be a gamecher. But
right now, the Nintendo Switch 2, a lot
of the conversation, it's extremely
divisive. The pricing has been a massive
turnoff and I have extreme skepticism
that this console is going to be as big
as the Switch one because of that
factor. But obviously now we have heard
from one major former Nintendo executive
with his disagreement with how the
Switch 2 at least parts of it is being
handled. And I think that is extremely
striking. uh Storo Iada how he ran that
company years ago just very different
than now under Doug Bowser who it's
quite clear that they definitely are
caring more and more about profits and
uh yeah IATA notoriously years ago
talked about how he was a gamer and had
that mindset also cared about his
employees um some of that obviously
still is there with Nintendo but not to
the extent that it used to be and I just
find that extremely disappointing but
anyway what do you make of all the
conversation everything that has been
happening with the Switch 2 and the
latest updates let me know your thoughts
down in the comments section below. But
thank you for watching. Make sure to
leave a like if you did enjoy this video
or if you found any informative value.
Consider subscribing for more videos
like this. I'll see you later.