I've learned my lesson from past
Nintendo Directs. My expectations from
Nintendo were bare minimum today.
Because of that, I was shocked and awed
by a lot of what happened. A lot of the
information for the Switch 2 was leaked
already. We already knew what it was
going to look like months ago, but I
didn't believe a lot of these leaked
specs. I was even surprised this morning
when I saw that the live stream was
going to be in 4K. I didn't even think
they would have a 4K console. That's how
low my expectations were. But like in
hindsight, how you not going to have a
4K console in 2025? What is the wildest
here is 120 hertz even in handheld mode?
That is crazy. Only 1080p, but that's
still more than enough for just a little
8 in screen. I made a video last week
because there's a lot of handhelds
coming out that have 120 Hz screens and
I wanted to talk about why that's cool
even if the device has such low power in
it. I've been using these lowowered 120
Hz handhelds to play retro games and
I've been using them to stream games
from other devices and I've been
enjoying that a lot. So, I wanted to
talk about that. And now that's relevant
because this thing has a 120 Hz screen.
And you know what? It's pretty powerful,
but all things considered, probably not
powerful enough to reach a full 120 Hz
in most games. But what I kind of
skimmed over in that last video, which I
regret doing now because I didn't know
Nintendo was going to do this with 120
Hz screen, I glossed over variable
refresh rate. They talk about smooth
gameplay in this Nintendo Direct and
that is why this will have a variable
refresh rate which means the screen's
refresh rate will match the frame rate
of the game. So there won't be a
mismatch. The screen won't try to keep
up with the game. The game won't try to
keep up with the screen. It'll all be
this. You'll get the frame when the
screen gets the frame. So even if the
game's only pumping out 90 frames per
second, the screen will match that and
it'll look a lot smoother. We already
have variable refresh rate in some of
these PC handhels that I've played with,
and it does smooth out the gameplay a
lot more, especially when you're not
reaching the full refresh rate of the
screen that you're using. Nintendo even
touted a quality and performance mode
for Metroid Prime 4. I was not expecting
Metroid Prime 4 to be 120 frames per
second. This is the type of game you'd
probably want to play in the quality
mode because it's very pretty. But
seeing that Nintendo can give you the
option to play at 120 frames per second
in a firstp party game is insane.
Imagine Mario Maker at 120 frames per
second. Now, it's still not going to be
like the revolution of graphical
hardware. I would lower my expectations
a little bit. We saw a lot of gameplay
here, and the game play looks like
you're playing on low settings on a PC
handheld or a Steam Deck. You could see
like the really sharp edges. Like
there's some bad resolution scaling.
There's like a lot of lowquality
textures and stuff, but I'm not getting
this to play Elden Ring. If I wanted to
play Elden Ring, I'll play it on one of
my PC handhelds or just my PC. Thank you
very much. And you shouldn't get this to
play Elden Ring either. You get this to
play games like Mario Kart. What the
hell is it called? World. I want these
for those less demanding Nintendo games.
And being able to get those games at up
to 4K up to 120 frames per second is
absolutely insane. I really wasn't
expecting Nintendo to come this far into
the modern age. The other concern that I
have with this is the price, which they
did not mention in the Nintendo Direct.
It will probably be on the website later
today. Right now, everyone's saying it's
going to be
$450. I don't see a source on that at
all, though. All these websites are
saying that it's confirmed, but they're
not sourcing it. I guess maybe they got
word from Nintendo themselves. A week
ago, if you asked me to put money down
on a price, I would have said $400. Not
that I think that that's what they're
capable of selling it for, just because
that sounded like a nice number. But
also, if you look at all of their past
console releases and adjusted for
inflation, basically all of them end up
at around $400. So, that made the most
sense. But look at the state of America
right now. It's looking like there's
going to be tariffs on [ __ ] like this.
So, they're going to need to up the
price a little bit. $450 is not the end
of the world. After seeing all of these
specs, I was thinking they might even go
up to $500. There's also going to be a
bundle that comes with Mario Kart World.
I'd imagine that one would be $500. So,
it's going to be a decent amount of
money. So, you'll probably want to set
some money aside for when that releases.
Whoa. It's how much? What? Who's got
that kind of money these days anyway? I
mean, most people don't spend as much
money as you do. No, I don't. What do
you mean? Yes, you do. Yes. Look, give
me your phone. Look, spend $50 a month
on Twitch. Yeah, I got a lot of friends
who stream. So what? When was the last
time beat them up
stream? I can't. Yeah, you can't. You
can't drop that one. This video is
sponsored by Rocket Money. Rocket Money
is the personal finance app that helps
you cancel subscriptions, lower bills,
and manage your money better. Once you
connect your bank account, Rocket Money
identifies all of your subscriptions in
a single list. From there, you can
select the ones that you don't want
anymore, and RocketMoney may be able to
help you cancel with just a few taps.
And then, who's
soupguy.tv? Oh my god, you don't know
Soup Guy? You got to check it out. Every
day he gets on here, he gets another
soup going. Look. Hi guys, this is soup
guy.tv here with another soup guy for
you. Today, we're going to enchilada
this burrito. And a lot of you people
are telling me that uh this is not soup,
but uh I'm trying to expand my brand
here. I was just going to say that's not
soup. I'm glad he addressed that. I'm
telling you, he's Yeah, keep that
subscription. Yeah, he Yeah, he keeps
that $5 for sure. Then pour all cheese
on. Make sure not to hit the oil at all
cuz then it's going to burn everywhere.
Rocket Money can also help you see how
your money's doing and set budgets for
yourself. It actually, and this is real,
saved me $240 on my home internet bill.
This is the second year in a row they
negotiated a lower bill for me. Take
control of your finances. Go to
rocketmoney.com/wolfden spelled just
like that, and try it for yourself
today. See, Rocket Money says that you
spend a lot on Patreon, too. I don't
really. Well, then who's I didn't know
Nintendo had a podcast. And we're going
to keep moving. Find something else.
Next thing, please. You got another
Patreon. Keep moving. Next thing. Move
on. Next. Come on. Move. Chop. Chop.
There's so much more that we have to get
through here. There will be game
upgrades because the system will be
backwards compatible with your Switch
One games, but some games will be able
to play at a higher quality. So, just
like you have on the PlayStation 5 and
the Xbox Series X, you can upgrade to
the next generation version of some of
these games if they have enhancements.
They showed Breath of the Wild and Tears
of the Kingdom with these enhancements
on. And they also show that you can
purchase an enhancement upgrade. I don't
like that. Microsoft firstp party games
just give you the enhancements. You
don't need to enhance PC games when you
get a new graphics card. But I
understand it a little bit because games
were mostly $60 on the original Nintendo
Switch. And on the Nintendo Switch 2,
I'm assuming they're going to be $70.
Uhoh. Wee. Woo. We woo. Mario Kart
World. It's
$79.99. That doesn't look good for the
future of prices on the Nintendo Switch
2. I wasn't expecting that much. I get
that they got to raise the prices in the
new generation. And paying for an
enhanced version is like fine for a game
like Metroid Prime 4, which is going to
be releasing when the Nintendo Switch 2
is out. So, I would want the Nintendo
Switch 2 version of that game. But for a
game like Kirby and the Forgotten Land,
just give me the free upgrade. This was
an hour and there was so much packed
into this. They started off with Mario
Kart World. I'm gonna be real with you.
I don't like Mario Kart. I'm very very
bad at
it. You can you can play as the Mumu
Meadows cow. Maybe I do care about this.
You can fly around in an urban city. As
a New Yorker, I don't never mind. I
don't like Mario Kart World. We finally
know what the C button stands for. This
is chat. So, they'll have voice chat
straight up on the console finally.
Thank the Lord. It looks like the
Joy-Con don't have a mic in them, which
is interesting. The mic is in the
system, and they're claiming that you'll
be able to talk to it even if you're far
away from the system. I guess with like
some sort of AI filtering, audio filters
have gotten really good. I've cut out a
lot of noise in a lot of my edits. I'm a
little skeptical at Nintendo's ability
to do that, especially from so far away,
but I guess we'll see. It's still better
than what we had on the last console,
which was the stupid app on your phone
that nobody wanted to use. But it also
has screen sharing. I hope that those
screens aren't up there all of the time
when you're chatting. It looks a lot
like Discord. It's just a straight up
rip. the video feed from the other
players that you're playing with is a
super low resolution and frame rate. It
looks like there's like barely any bit
rate going through there, which is fine
when they're not the focus, but then
they bring one in focus and it is still
a horribly low frame rate. I will never
use this. I'm just going to use Discord
and all my friends are just going to use
Discord because everybody I play with
has a capture card and is just going to
do that. I also really like the idea of
Mario Kart World having like an open
world area that you could just hang out.
Okay, I'm not going to talk about Mario
Kart World. There's so much more to talk
about. They do showcase this camera
accessory. That's like the last thing
that I need. They don't actually show
any gameplay features that would utilize
this webcam that they have, which I
think is good because I don't want this
thing. It's reminding me of the Connect
and nobody liked the Connect, and I
don't want that, and I'm not spending
money on that. There's very little
stopping them from just putting the
camera on the Switch tablet itself.
Every tablet has a front-facing camera.
Just why why would they just do that? It
doesn't need to be high quality. It
clearly isn't high quality. I'm a little
concerned about this game share feature.
It's really cool. I'm glad they're
adding it, but it looks like it might
just be remoting into the other person's
game session. It looks like it'll be
similar to like Steam Remote Play
together where you're connecting to the
other person's computer and playing the
game on their computer, which is fine. I
hope this thing has upgraded Wi-Fi. I
hope Nintendo fixes their net code. Let
me tell you, they couldn't even get the
stream right. The stream was had like an
audio desync and it even crashed in the
middle of of it and and everybody was
complaining in the chat.
The screen supports up to 120 frames per
second, allowing for smoother gameplay.
Screen supports 120 hertz. They they
they a little correction there. I can't
wait to play Mario Wonder at 120 frames
per second. They're showing Mario Wonder
here. Actually, that's not Is that not
the Wonder sprite? Oh my god, that's not
Wonder. What? What? Who are you? What
Mario What 2D Mario game is that? You're
going to hear a lot of people complain
that it's an LCD screen and not an OLED
screen. A lot of OLED screens that these
companies are putting in their handhelds
don't support variable refresh rate. It
would also be a lot more expensive. I'd
rather have a 1080p 120 Hz LCD screen
than a 60 Hz OLED screen. It also looks
like it'll support HDR. I'm curious how
that will look on an LCD screen cuz
those black levels aren't going to look
all that great. I'm not going to talk
about some of the features that we knew
about and assumed like how the Joy-Con
connect magnetically. I'm sure there's
nothing to be worried about there. I'm
sure they'll connect just fine, if not
even better than they did on the Switch
One. It looks like it has a new power
brick, which is good because I didn't
like the old power brick. Now you can
connect a USBC cable straight to the
power brick, which is nice. But also,
the old power brick had some weird power
delivery issues, which ended up not
being that big of a deal if you just
avoid sketchy looking third party docks.
But hopefully this is power delivery
compliant. Hopefully, I could recommend
people use third-party chargers and
stuff that are power delivery compliant.
I'd like Nintendo to come into 2025. I'm
honestly surprised when it's Doc and can
support 4K. I don't know why I'm
surprised, but I'm realizing now that
the fine print says that even if the
games don't support it, uh they could
upscale the games to 4K. But it also
says that it's going to be fixed to a
maximum of 60 frames per second when
it's docked at 4K. So no 120 at 4K when
it's docked. At least these docks
usually don't have a lot of stuff in it.
It's usually just the console can reach
higher frame rates and resolutions
because it's directly plugged in. So,
there's more power to it. It doesn't
have to worry about draining the battery
all the way. This dock has a fan in it.
So, it's got something going on in
there. There's not any upscaling going
on in the dock. It looks like it's just
cooling it. I'd imagine it's going to
run pretty hot if you're playing Metroid
Prime 4 at full quality mode. You know,
I am curious how that fan works because
my experience getting like those
intercoolers that you slap on the back
of a dock don't work all that great. I
love when Nintendo does a good packin
game. This isn't really a game though.
Nintendo Switch 2 welcome tour. This is
going to show you all of the features of
the Joy-Con and the Nintendo Switch 2
unit. I like that they have stuff like
this, but this looks really
informational. I would like to see more
of a game. Like I'm thinking of I mean
Wii Sports, but also the Steam Deck has
Aperture Desk Job. That game is really
cool. It's very short, but it shows you
all of the technical features of how you
would interact with a Steam Deck. I'm
hoping that there's a mode that just
gives you the miniame so that you can
just get the vibe of how the Joy-Cons
work and everything. I'm a little
surprised the game carts are the exact
same size and shape. They're just red. I
mean, that's fine. I'm not stupid. I'll
know which one's for which. It was
rumored that this Switch would only work
with Micro SD Express cards, and it
looks like that's the case here. And I
immediately went to buy one. Switch 2
will only work with micro SD Express
cards. Oh.
[Applause]
will not be
compatible. Additionally, transfer data
from switch to I'd imagine these might
be pretty hard to get. So, you might
want to load up on them. Now, uh the big
concern here is that this device is only
going to be 256 GB of internal storage,
which is a lot for Nintendo, but not a
lot in the grand scheme of things.
You're probably going to want a micro SD
card. These micro SD Express cards only
go up to 256 gigabytes as of right now.
So, that's really not a lot of storage
that this is capable of at all. Maybe
the other cards will work for Nintendo
Switch One games on your Nintendo Switch
2, but I understand why they want faster
storage because even the PlayStation 5
made a huge deal about having fast
storage. But we're gonna need to start
seeing one terabyte options for the SD
card soon. I guess that's mostly it for
the technical stuff. From there, they
just showcased a bunch of games. I guess
I'm most excited for GameCube games
coming to Nintendo Switch Online. I
think this was pretty obvious to people.
I was worried it would be in even more
expensive tier than just the expansion
pack. I'm excited to play Soul Caliber.
This is going to have online capability.
One player might be at a disadvantage
because they're technically remoting
into your session. But these games look
absolutely gorgeous on here. It's it's
running in an emulator, so you're
getting blurry textures, but really
sharp polygons, and I don't mind that. I
would like to see some nice retro
filters added to this. They got great
filters for Game Boy Advance. Give me
some CRT filters, especially with that
high refresh rate screen. Hey, you
should learn more about retro games on
high refresh rate screens by watching my
last video that bombed. I really didn't
think I was going to get excited for a
Donkey Kong game today. This was like
the big one more thing. I was a little
disappointed because this looked like
Mario Odyssey 2 for a second, but I mean
Mario Odyssey with Donkey Kong instead
is kind of fine. I don't like uh any
Donkey Kong games, but this one actually
looks really good cuz it doesn't look
like a Donkey Kong game. It looks like a
Mario game. You got a new Hyrule
Warriors that looked like it was going
to be a new full Zelda game. So, that
was a little disappointing. You got
Mario and Sonic at the Parolympics.
There was a very quick tease of Hollow
Knight Silk Song. That was something
people were speculating about, and I was
like, absolutely no way they're showing
that. Again, this thing was absolutely
full of surprises. And there were other
third party games that are coming here
like Cyberpunk, Borderlands 4. These are
games that shouldn't be able to run on a
device like this. But again, you watch
the game play and it's looking a lot
like a AAA game running at low settings
on one of these PC handhelds or a Steam
Deck. There's no way Street Fighter,
especially in the open world area, no
way that's going to run that good on
here. I'm also noticing they barely
showed any gameplay. There's like
nothing here, just a little square of
gameplay. But I don't mind this at all.
I'm glad that my Nintendo Switch is
being brought into the modern era. I
like all of my PC handhelds and stuff.
I'm still gonna be playing all the AAA
games on those because there's a lot
more versatility. I can get it on Steam
and bounce between a handheld and my PC
if I want that more power, more clarity.
But most people do not have or want PC
handhelds or a Steam Deck in total. The
number I saw was crazy. the the amount
of Steam Decks and PC handhelds, all of
them together in the world. It's it's
four to six million. I think there
are 150 million Nintendo Switches out
there. So, the fact that we're getting
PC handheld levels of power in a
mainstream console is revolutionary. If
you watch this channel all the time,
it's not going to feel very
revolutionary to you. But think about
little Timmy who doesn't know [ __ ] about
video games and only knows what his mom
sees at Target. You can't get a Steam
Deck at Target. I like Nintendo games. I
would like to be able to play them on
some better hardware, and this will
allow me to do that. It's just going to
run me
$450, uh maybe even $500. I'm very happy
with what we saw here. Uh, this is the
best director we've had in a while and I
can't imagine them topping this anytime
soon. I am probably going to be missing
something here. We're going to have a
much longer discussion over on the
podcast channel tonight, Wolf Den
Podcast at 8:00 p.m. Eastern time and
you can watch it afterwards if you miss
it. Also, maybe this weekend I will
probably be at the New York City event
where people are going to get a hands-on
with the Switch too. I think it's a
hands-on. It's an
experience. So, there will probably be a
video this weekend as well. So, let me
know what you guys think. Let me know
what I missed. I've been yapping for way
too long and I want to fire this thing
out as quickly as possible. Uh, this is
great. This is I I had a great time.
This is I'm I'm not even tired and I got
up early. Uh, thank you very much. Uh,
have yourself a good week or a couple of