I spent the whole day playing games on
the Nintendo Switch 2. And honestly, I'm
devastated. Not because the games were
bad, but because I need more. I need the
Switch 2 right now. So, I'm showing you
every game that I played, giving you a
direct sideby-side comparison of one
game on the current Switch versus the
Switch 2, answering all your burning
questions, and we're busting some major
misinformation that I haven't seen
anybody else talk about in their
previews, including warning you about a
game if you have motion sickness like I
do. Nintendo UK invited me to this
experience, but as usual, that's not
going to deter me from telling you
exactly how I felt, good and bad. The
first thing I was interested in is, of
course, the new JoyCons. And sadly, none
of the switches that I used let me
experience the magnet, so I couldn't see
how the Joy-Con snaps onto the Switch
and how it snaps out. The crazy thing is
I went to five different games and I
asked the Nintendo team members if I can
test out how the magnets work and all
five of them said no you can't only to
find out later today that yeah you you
can actually yeah there was a place
where you can try how the Joy-Cons snap
and snap out of it. So I'm really sad on
that and that I couldn't you know snap
it and snap it back. Like it looks
really fun. I wanted to try it. Like
what do you mean? But anyways, I've seen
other creators do it and it looks very
snappy, very quick, and based on my
experience holding the Nintendo Switch,
they are very sturdy. They are not
wobbly, so you don't have to worry about
that based on the handhelds that I have
tried in today's experience. Now, keep
in mind that the Nintendo team also let
me know that all the switches that were
in the venue today were more so
prototypes. So, that means that this is
not the final version that will be
shipped to us. So things can change
regardless of not being able to snap the
magnets in and out. Using the Joy-Cons
felt a lot more natural than the current
Nintendo Switch. Maybe it's the wider
sticks or the bigger JoyCons overall.
I'm not sure, but my hands did not cramp
up as quickly as they usually do when I
use my current Nintendo Switch, which I
cannot play on without a grip at all
times. I always feel like my hands are
cramping within a few minutes. So that
did not happen in today's experience.
However, that mouse function, while it's
very innovative and very fun to see, I
can suspect it will cause a lot of
cramping when playing for long sessions.
I tried the mouse feature with the World
Tour game, Mario Jamberee, as well as
Metroid Prime. We're going to talk about
that in a bit, but that last one made my
pinky go numb, and I felt my hand
cramping up. Now, I use this Logitech
ergonomic mouse. As you can see, use it
this way. It's very wide and it makes it
very natural for my hand to use. When
compared to the Joy-Cons on the Nintendo
Switch 2, they're a lot slimmer and
smaller than this mouse. So, I can see
this being a problem. So, maybe Nintendo
or third party companies will make their
own attachments that will make this just
more usable. And the team were taking
notes about how people were feeling when
they were trying the mouse features
today. So, I really hope that they use
this feedback because one of the members
told me that I wasn't the only one who
experienced cramping and my pinky going
numb. So, if more people are
experiencing the same thing, then it's
going to be a wider problem when a lot
more people are going to try it out. And
yes, you can use the mouse feature on
your lap as well, and that makes it very
flexible with the surface that you can
use. This mouse feature can be a
gamecher, especially for us cozy and
farming games lovers. With games that
are going to let us terraform and
decorate, for example, Fantasy Life and
Guardians of Azuma, it can encourage a
lot more game devs to see the potential
of bringing their titles onto the
Nintendo Switch, especially when the
majority of cozy games right now are
being made by indie studios. So, every
bit is going to help them give us more
cozy and farming games that we can enjoy
in handheld mode when they have more
features to play with. I also tried the
new Switch controller when playing
various games including Hogwarts Legacy,
Mario Kart, and Donkey Kong. And yes,
there are these like sparkles on the
controller. So, it's not just matte
black, it is matte black with sparkles
on it. They're very cute. I wish I paid
more attention to see if the Switch
itself had these sparkles as well. So, I
cannot confirm or deny if these cute
little sparkles are on the handheld
itself. While talking about Joy-Cons and
controllers, there's a rumor spreading
around about the lack of Hall effect
stick. So, basically, this is what could
help with the lifelong Switch problem of
Joy-Con drift. I think it would be very
stupid on Nintendo's end to not think
about a problem they had to deal with
for the past 8 years and even had to
offer free services in certain countries
to repair these problems. But only time
is going to tell when different people
open up their controllers and their
chroycons and show us what's inside to
give us confirmation or if Nintendo
themselves let us know what kind of
technology they're going to use to make
these JoyCons sturdy but also more
durable and have more longevity. Of
course, we also have the new cash
button. I sorry. Oh, wait. No, that's
chat button uh on the JoyCons and the
controller. I did not get to use them in
this experience and to be honest, I
don't really even care. I don't really
play with friends online, so I doubt I'm
the correct person to answer any
questions on this. Anyways, I'm a loner,
so what do you want from me? Jokes
aside, I only play Fortnite as a
community game, and I usually just use
Discord for that. So, otherwise, you're
just going to be finding me in bed
playing RPGs or farming games, which are
solo adventures, and they're not going
to require the casual, I mean chat
button. And a few of you asked me two
questions. Is the Switch going to get
hot when we're playing in handheld mode?
And how is the battery life? We got news
from Eurogamer which said that the
Switch 2 battery life is worse than the
original Switch with it giving us
between 3 to 7 hours. That is a lot less
than the current Switch OLED that has
between 4.5 to 9 hours. While that might
sound bad to a lot of you, I have a
Steam Deck and I'm used to the battery
just running out within 3 hours tops.
So, it doesn't really bother me that the
Switch 2 has a shorter battery life. I
play from home most of the time anyways,
so I can always quickly recharge it, but
that might be an issue for you. In my
experience today, each demo was about 5
to 15 minutes long, so that is way too
short for me to tell if the battery life
lasts long enough. Plus, all the
handhelds were wrapped up in a charger.
As for the handheld getting too hot or
maybe like too loud, again, 5 to 15
minutes is not enough for me to tell.
The handheld was pretty chill as far as
I could tell. And with the noise, we
were in a very loud venue. So, it was
pretty much impossible to hear if the
fans are going crazy, especially when
playing more intensive games like
Cyberpunk and Tears of the Kingdom. Now,
misinformation has been spreading around
the internet. And of course, it's all
for a good reason. Nintendo is just not
being communicative properly about a lot
of things and that makes it on us to
speculate and just see stuff and not
know what is happening. And then one
person says something and we think it's
true. And then like I even went ahead
and said let's cover this. So for
example, we thought that Mario Kart
World is going to cost $80 for the
digital edition and $90 for the physical
edition. However, later on it was
discovered that the currency is in
euros. So that applies to Europe and not
the US. So this is what I thought in my
Nintendo Switch short as well as my
Switch to confirmed cozy and farming
games. Excellent video by the way
because I show you a lot of confirmed
games that are coming. Anyways, this is
not to dismiss the fact that Mario Kart
still costs $80, which is pretty high
and it could set the standard for future
games. However, seeing that Donkey Kong
Bonanza is $70, it can maybe put us at a
little bit more ease. I don't know. You
tell me how you feel about that. Also,
it goes without saying indie games,
double A, and AAA games will all cost
differently. Yet, we can see that
upgrading from Switch One to Switch 2
can cost extra sometimes. So, some games
will be upgraded for free, quote
unquote, if you have a Nintendo Switch
online membership, while others will
still require extra fees. So, make sure
to check on the Nintendo website to know
what needs extra money or comment below
if you have that question, and a fellow
bubbly will answer you. And we were also
told that exclusive titles will vary in
price depending on how big they are and
how much effort was put into making
them. So, I played a lot of games. But
before that, how cute is this greeting
that we had when we walked into the
experience.
I felt like a bubbly queen. Anyway,
myself and Mr. Bubbles started with
Mario Kart World. I went with the cow
because that's how we celebrated the
Nintendo Switch to Direct about 2 weeks
ago. So, I thought, you know, it was
just fitting as we manifested the cow
pretty much. And the game feels really
good. I wish I could show you the docked
version, but one of the team members was
blocking the camera the whole time.
Bless their hearts. So, I have footage
of the handheld experience instead. The
races that I played were not that
difficult because we were playing
against bots, but I like the range of
new characters and outfits as well as
carts and the new items that we can use.
And you can also see the cart stats by
clicking Y. There were no speed options,
but remember this is a demo. Companies
usually will be very specific with what
they show us during demos and previews
like this. Mario Kart World ran very
smoothly, but I wish they let us explore
the world a little bit, you know, like
get a taste of what we're signing up for
and what the game is actually going to
be. I avoided watching the treehouse
because I just don't want to spoil it
for myself, but based on my
understanding so far, you can still
enjoy it on your own, which makes me
happy to hear. I then ran to Hogwarts
Legacy. You know, that is my game of the
year of 2023. And to see it running so
well in docked mode, that was amazing.
So, it was running at 4K. It was smooth.
Controls felt really good. I really wish
they let us try it in handheld to see
how it performs. But, I played this game
on my potato laptop back in 2023. So, to
see how good it looked playing it on a
freaking Nintendo Switch, that was
amazing. And I envy anyone who's going
to play it and experience it for the
first time on Nintendo Switch 2. After
that, I found out freaking Cyberpunk is
there. AB, you bet your butt I ran
there. I mean, as you can probably tell,
like Cyber Punk. Obviously, I'm not a
fan. Obviously, obviously not a fan of
CD Project Red in general, right? Like,
I don't even have three with your
tattoos. I don't know what you're
talking about. But I did not walk there.
I ran. I got to play it in docked mode.
I did see someone play in handheld and
the game looked really smooth, but I
didn't want to intrude too much, so I
just let them do their own thing and I
played the game in docked mode instead.
By the way, the lines were so long.
Waiting for every game was taking about
30 minutes. So, it was very difficult to
get your hands on the handheld version.
It was, guys, when I tell you the lines
were long, they were long. Anyways, I
still think it is crazy how well
Cyberpunk is running on the Nintendo
Switch 2. I met the community manager,
amazing human being, and I was like,
listen, I am buying this day one. I
haven't finished Phantom Liberty. I've
rinsed the game overall, but not Phantom
Liberty. So, I think I'm going to be
doing that on Nintendo Switch, too. The
game runs so smoothly, and Doc Town is
known to be very demanding and heavy,
and it's still like everything was still
running perfectly fine, even with all of
these NPCs around, having their own
routines rendering in. There was no
stuttering, and it just everything was
good. And, you know, I've seen Digital
Foundry compare the performance of the
Switch 2 to PlayStation 4, and they even
said that, you know what, it's actually
even better. And I totally agree. This
is how I would explain performance to
you in a summary. Especially when
playing these two games, Hogwarts Legacy
and Cyberpunk 2077. These are known to
be very big, demanding games. So yeah,
amazing. And oh, by the way, in
Cyberpunk, I'm very happy to see that
they have motion blur toggles. So, the
first thing I did was turn off motion
blur. If you deal with motion sickness
like I do, always make sure to visit the
settings and see if you can change
motion blur to off. And while talking
about cyberpunk, this is where we can
bring up another misinformation that has
been going around recently, even though
Nintendo has crushed it. I still see a
lot of people just posting it on
different videos. So, let's address it
here. It's about the game cartridges not
having the full game in it. This is
again lack of communication in the
beginning on Nintendo's part, but uh a
spokesperson have already confirmed that
game cards will have the full game on
them. So, for example, Cyberpunk is
using a 64 gig cartridge and the full
game is going to be on it. You don't
have to download anything else. Whereas,
when it comes to things like The Legend
of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom, if you
want to get the Nintendo Switch 2
version, it will come with the base game
as well as the upgrade for it. So, if
you buy the Nintendo Switch 2 version,
you're not just going to get the base
game and then you get like a code for
it. No, you're just going to get the
full experience in that cartridge ready
for you to play. So, I would say your
best bet moving forward is just make
sure you look things up. Look at the
prices. Make sure that your regional
equivalent is known. And also, when it
comes to what needs to be downloaded and
what doesn't need to be downloaded from
the cartridge, like is it going to be
the full game in the cartridge or do I
insert that cartridge and then I have to
download games? Everything just has to
have a little bit more research on your
end. I'm going to do my best to let you
know in my reviews, but also please be
vigilant so you don't get upset later on
if you get something that is, you know,
turns out to not be what you wanted. I
also wanted to show you Tears of the
Kingdom on my current Switch side by
side with the Switch 2. And oh my god,
what an upgrade. But first, hello you
gorgeous human being. It's Miss Bubbles
running on literally 1 hour of sleep to
bring you this video. If this video is
helpful, do me a favor and consider
supporting the channel by donating to
coffee or dropping a super sticker or
maybe becoming a channel member to enjoy
lots of perks. Even squishing the like
and subscribe buttons goes a long way so
I can always help you decide which games
are worth your time, but also now which
handhelds you should upgrade to. So yes,
the next stop we did is I want to see
what the fuss is all about when it comes
to Tears of the Kingdom and how does it
perform. Like I hear everyone saying,
"Oh, it's doing better than current
Switch." I wanted to see it for myself.
So, I brought my own Switch OLED with my
own Tears of the Kingdom copy. As you
can see, I'm very early on in this game
because I just never got the chance to
play it, but I plan on playing it fully
on the Switch 2. And right off the bat,
the loading times are day and night
different. Switch 2 is insanely quick
compared to my Switch OLED. And what a
welcome change that is. I don't know
about you, but I cannot deal with how
long the current Switch takes to load up
games when I play a lot of my Steam
Deck. And I just feel like, oh my god,
this is so different, right? But I also
wanted to see how does the screen look
like. I'm not going to lie, I think the
Switch 2 still looks pretty good even
though it's not an OLED screen. I think
that HDR brings out the brightness and
the darkness of the world in a way that
makes it feel distinct, but also still
very beautiful and unique in its own way
without having to get that oversaturated
color palette that we get from OLED. So,
as much as I was worried about the
Switch 2 not having an OLED screen, this
screen looks pretty well. And this is
coming from someone who is used to
having OLED monitors, an OLED TV, OLED
Switch, and OLED Steam Deck. Honestly,
Switch 2 just looked perfectly fine. And
yeah, as you can see, even jumping from
high up, uh, the popin is a lot less
than how it is on the current Switch,
and the game overall felt a lot
smoother. So, after that, I wanted to
try that paid manual, or shall I say
Astrobot equivalent that you just have
to pay for, unlike how it was free on
PlayStation 5. We're not going to do
that. Okay, I'm just going to be nice.
Um, I tried the world tour game and it
pretty much is there just to show you
the different features that the Switch 2
has. And one thing that I really like
about the Joy-Cons, which I got to
experience through this game, is for
example switching between having beads,
is it beads? I don't know how to say the
term, or uh, rubber balls. When shaking
the JoyCons, you actually feel it like
you can actually feel the difference in
the JoyCons, which was pretty cool. Um,
it feels like there is an actual ball
inside the Joy-Con. the Joy-Cons overall
and the handheld in itself feel a lot
more premium than the current Switch I
have to say. Be it the material that
they are using or how sturdy it is, I
don't know, it just feels a lot better
and more luxurious and it really feels
like it's worth that increase in price.
Another mini game I tried with the world
tour that I enjoyed is that they show
you how different FPS's look and you
kind of need to guess which is which.
Listen, I'm one of those people that
like I just cannot tell. Like if you
just tell me like, "Oh, this game is
running at 40 and this game is running
at 60." If you don't put it for me like
side by side, I'm not going to be able
to tell. But this game actually made me
realize how different they are. And I
was like, "Oh, wow." Like, there is a
massive difference for even triggering
my motion sickness when you're seeing a
game at 40, but then also then at 60. It
really does make such a great
difference. I don't know if it's a skill
issue on my end. I'm willing to take the
L, but I usually can't tell unless it's
something like I don't know 15 FPS. I'll
be like, what the heck is happening? But
yeah, that game was pretty cool as well.
But overall with this, like basically I
tried a few mini games and it was pretty
much like, okay, it's fun, but I don't
know about you, I'm not paying $5 or $10
or whatever the price is for a manual. I
can pretty much guarantee that someone,
if not everyone, will be covering all of
these features for the Nintendo Switch 2
for free on YouTube. So, I'm good. I'm
not buying this. By the way, a lot of
you have asked me if I played Rune
Factory or Story of Seasons on the
Switch 2, and sadly, it just wasn't
there. I wish I could. Uh, I would have
told you how it ran, but make sure to
subscribe because I will be reviewing
the games on both. Okay, so make sure
you're you're here. We're locked in.
Yeah, that was the London Bubbles for a
second for you. But after that, me and
Mr. Bubbles wanted to play the update
for Mario Party Jamberee. I've never
played the, you know, initial game
anyways, but still this was pretty fun.
And the main thing was to try out the
mouse controls even more and see how it
implements its features in these games.
So, for example, one game had us
stacking things up and the team that had
the highest tower would win and you're
going to use like your mouse to rotate
things around. Another game had us pick
up Toad and you're trying to not touch
the electrocuted wall so you have to
twist your arm. Not like twist your arm,
twist your wrist. That still sounds bad,
but you get what I'm saying. like move
it this way so you don't hit the wall.
That was pretty fun as well. We tried
air hockey which was pretty cool. We
also did this one where you're
organizing mail. And then there's this
one where you grab a cart and you move
your mouse backwards and then you have
to let it go. So you can hit the target,
but there are other carts controlled by
the other players trying to be in your
way and you're all trying to like shove
each other off the ledge. Me and Mr.
Bubbles, we were not doing the best. I
am very bad with these games. So bless
him. He was doing half of the work on my
behalf. Fortnite though, I I I'll be
there. I'll be there. But Mario games
usually I'm just like peace out skill
issue. So I can safely say after trying
the mouse features today, it just made
me see how innovative developers can
become with this. And as much as I'm
excited about it, I'm also worried that
they might just not make use of it.
Because remember, the Switch also has a
touchscreen and I rarely see anyone use
it. So, it would be a shame if we end up
just not seeing anyone use the mouse
features. Like, yeah, maybe a few
Nintendo exclusives will make use of it,
but then nobody else does. I don't know.
Time will tell, but I really hope that
developers can take this as a chance to
innovate even more with their games.
Later on, went to try Metroid Prime.
I've never played this franchise before,
but I love firstperson shooters, and
this one felt so good. It was running
smoothly. I love the gunplay. There is
aim assist, so if you're not used to
these games, you're not going to feel
overwhelmed. You're going to get help,
and I really appreciate that. And I like
how with this game and many other games,
you can choose if you want to do the
controller or if you want to try the
mouse feature. And I could tell that the
team was trying to push forward using
the mouse feature. So we can see how the
gameplay is going to be different when
you do that. So with this one, for
example, you use the mouse position with
your right hand, whereas the Joy-Con in
the left hand will just be held however
is comfortable for you. The controls
were pretty easy to get used to. It made
me feel more intrigued about the full
game. But I have to say we are
definitely going to need some gadgets.
Be it Nintendo, first party or third
party gadgets because again the Joy-Cons
were just way too slim. My pinky was
starting to feel numb. It felt like I
tried to position my hand in different
ways. But yeah, no, it was cramping up.
So I don't know. I don't know. I'm I
don't know how I feel about the mouse
feature yet. If it was like this thick
again, yes, it's not. It is like I don't
know. It's like like a bit thicker than
this like and then like look at this.
See like doing something like even like
that let's say and then doing like
holding this. You can see right you can
see it's a big difference. And now after
that I wanted to try Donkey Kong
Bonanza. If you know me I am not the
bestest friends with platformers unless
they are made just easy for me right.
I'm really happy to inform you that
there is normal mode and assist mode. I
always appreciate this because some
people want to try games, but because
they fall into a certain genre, they're
like, "Nope." Anyways, I still went with
the normal mode. And this game's gimmick
is using punches. So, you've got three
buttons for punches. You can punch up,
down, and I think like straightforward.
And you can also use like a feature
where you clap and you can collect gold
from surrounding areas. And the gold is
used for you to know how much life
you've got left. So, when I died, I lost
some gold. The game will let you know
where you need to go. And basically,
you're trying to collect bananas. You
can also attack enemies by digging up a
stone from the ground and then hitting
the enemy with it. Gameplay felt nice,
but it definitely got me feeling motion
sick. I felt like the camera was way too
close to Donkey Kong and I didn't know
if I can go to the settings and switch
things around. Maybe change the FOV if
that's available just to make it like
easier on my eyes. Uh especially in the
beginning where I was inside a cave, I
was just getting a little bit too dizzy.
And as you can see, I eventually just
got up and left the game. I just
couldn't do it. So, if you're like me
and you suffer from motion sickness,
when reviews are out, make sure to ask
and know if there are options to make
the camera a little bit easier on your
eyes. You know, I was already excited
about the Switch 2. I've already
pre-ordered the bundle that comes with,
you know, the Mario Kart World game. So,
I'm going to be unboxing it, showing you
my experience with it and all of that.
And while I know a lot of people are
saying that it is a lot more expensive,
especially compared to previous Nintendo
Switches, I totally agree. It is a lot
more expensive. But I think it is 100%
worth it. I am so happy to see how much
of an upgrade this Switch is to the
original one. It is giving us much
needed improvements. I don't know about
you, but I have rarely touched my Switch
in about 2 years. Yes, there has been a
lot of games coming out, but I just
can't tolerate the motion sickness and
stuttering that a lot of games have been
causing me. And then when it comes to
the RPGs that I like to play as well as
cozy games, many of them are just either
not working on the Switch or they run
terribly or they're just not coming to
the Switch at all. And I feel like this
is going to change things moving
forward. There are so many games that
are lined up already for the launch date
and then followed up with the following
months, we've got even more that are
confirmed as well as a lot of Farming
and Cozy games that are already
confirmed to be coming to the Nintendo
Switch 2. So, make sure you watch this
video next to catch up on that. Let me
know if you're getting the Switch, too.
And a shout out goes to our YouTube and
Patreon bubblies who make videos like
this possible. And thank you so much to
Will, Games, Dimension, Jay, Kloan, and
Nha for going the extra mile. Until next
time, stay bubbly.