Hey, hey everyone. Felix from Nintendo
Life here and Seion has returned from
Rob York where he got to play 10 games.
10 Switch 2 games. Yeah. 10. You've
played Mario Kart World. We got to see
it and we have a video out on that. But
today we're here to talk about all the
games you played at Seon. So, let's
start with a big one. Let's start with
uh Mario Kart World. Also, Alex is also
here. Sorry, I forgot to introduce you.
I'm sorry about the game. Let's go.
Sorry. I want to jump in with a
question. Does it feel the same as Mario
Kai Deluxe? Does it feel slightly
different, noticeably different? And if
so, how? I think it just feels like a
Mario Kart game. That the one thing I
was really impressed with was I'm not a
fantastic 150cc first place player. But
I felt really competent when I was like
racing through. I was able to do the
drifts. I was still popping the uh like
the tricks off of jumps. Honestly, when
I first picked up the game, I was like,
"What is the gas button again?" Um, but
maybe that was just like me being scared
because it was the first time I had like
held a Switch 2 Pro controller and then
a and then a Switch console. Mario Kart
compared to a lot of other races have it
on a instead of the back one. Yeah, you
just have to get used to I know other
people are like, "Yeah, Mario Kart
controls are just weird." But as soon as
you get used to them, it's like it's
like second nature. And we'll get there
with the game chat. We'll play so much.
Don't worry. And I think I think that's
the thing with this Mario Kart World
game is that which I almost called it
World Tour, but with Mario Kart World is
that it feels like all the past Mario
Kart games for the most part, but just
with all of these expanded new features,
like the fact that, you know, when
you're in that the 24 player mode where
players, you know, yeah, Knockout Tour,
you know, and you can go like just race
around the world, there's like little
secrets and things to find. We saw when
you were like waiting for the rules to
be set or something which took a
surprising amount of time. I think we
cut a lot of it from the video, but you
were just driving around going, "What's
over here? What's over here?" At least
you can do that. You're not stuck in a
menu, which is a lovely feature. I don't
know if you saw it on either Alana's
screen or my screen, but Alana, we were
in this kind of like we were in the
ocean essentially and there were ships
all around and it felt like a level out
of Hydro Thunder if anyone's played that
before. We noticed Alana like went off
in the distance and found like a dragon
just like flying around out outside like
I don't remember seeing that the limit
to the water. Yeah. And I went out. Oh,
sorry. Sorry. We're talking about Mario
Kart. Yeah. Not not Breath of the Wild.
Yeah. Yeah. I just want to make sure.
Yeah. Yeah. There was I'm pretty sure it
was the dragon from like is there a
dragon in Mario Odyssey or Galaxy or
something like that? I mean there's the
lava kind of dragon that comes out. I
see that one. Maybe it was Maybe we'll
have to go back and look. Maybe it was
just similar to that or I didn't get the
footage. But then I went off in a
different direction. I found the like
the big cloud that just blows like a
gust of wind. It was just off in the
distance. And then there were like a
bunch of glmbba just floating around in
floaties and like on rafts. And they
they've just added so much character
into this game. It makes sense why it's
taken them so long to to make this.
They've probably just had all these
ideas in the bank and now they're
they're finally putting them to paper
now. It's I'm not even a big Mario Kart
guy, but I'm so excited to like go race
around with you guys and and call up
friends and and have them jump in with
me it and and just like explore the
world and they're making it into such a
social a social thing. I've got to ask
you something. You may not know the
answers to this. You may not be allowed
to answer this. Is there 200cc mode? Oh,
I didn't see speeds. Damn. In Treehouse,
they have like a showcase and there's
50, 100, and 150. 200 might be
unlockable, but right now there's no
sign of it, unfortunately. Oh, Alex is
out. While Alex is out, I'll I'll I'll
ask you a question about cuz I have some
stuff I'm a bit worried about. I have
two concerns and maybe you can ease them
out. My my one concern is that like in
Knockout Tour, a lot of the tracks seem
very linear, very big, almost no turns,
and it's like surely that becomes boring
in the long run. Like not instead. I
really hope that they have the feature
to just like you can do three laps
instead of having to drive to each
track. Like it's a cool idea, but also
Yeah. How did that feel? I think I was
so focused on getting into a position
that wasn't going to knock me out that I
didn't really even think about the
linearity of the of the tracks. Is
linearity a word? I don't it doesn't
matter. Sounds about right, doesn't it?
Yeah. Thanks. It didn't even occur to me
really. Um, I I've watched your video
now where you guys have dissected Alana
and I's footage and all the other, you
know, Gene Park and Steven Tatillo's
footage and I I I just loved it. I loved
my time with the game. And maybe over
time that could be an issue. Um, but in
the moment I was just so excited to be
playing playing the game and and just
thankful I was having a good time, I
suppose. Now, with so many players like
items, how is the item distribution
since there's so many players that it
must surely that there's more items? Do
you just get hit more often? You know, I
did notice myself like almost not being
able to pick up item boxes more um
frequently, but I think it's, you know,
they've got the two they've got sections
where there are two item boxes stacked
on top of each other, and I was always
trying to go for those like any normal
person would. Somebody else would more
often than not just pick one up than I
would, but the item boxes are connected
like so closely together that like if
you're going for that one and you miss
it, you're like I was still hitting one
of the other ones. Anyways, I remember
there was a moment where I got the
bullet bill, I'm pretty sure, or I
watched Alana do it or something and we
just flew right through like 12 people
and that felt really good. I I imagine
that, you know, the higher up you are,
the the less powerful items you'll still
get and everything. That was part of the
problem with the footage you sent. Alana
was so good. We saw barely any new
items. Come on. Well, hey, I hopefully I
evened that out a little bit at times
here and there, but it was it was so fun
to hear you guys like rooting me on.
That that was really special. I'll
remember that forever. But you know what
else is special? You got to play nine
other games. Can you take us through uh
what kind of I mean you got Donkey Kong
Bansa. You also got the not packing
title which should be a packing title
and uh yeah lots of other stuff. The DN
D as I call it now. DN D. Let's talk
about Metroid. I want to do a whole
separate video talking all about my time
with Metroid. I played it twice and the
second time I played it entirely in
mouse mode. It's the sort of thing that
I like. I'm not a a keyboard and mouse
gamer. Um I'm not very used to that.
I've I've dabbled a little bit here and
there over the years, but it felt very
natural in in a strange way. Half of
that is probably because I'm already
familiar with, you know, half of the
controls on a Joy-Con. Right now, you're
just you're just changing up the right
side. And everyone knows how to use a
mouse. We're just not naturally always
maybe like as quick with it as we'd
like. But it it felt good to like lock
onto an enemy still, which which also
helped. There are tons of things in the
environment to scan still. They like for
the most part all still have like
individual bits of dialogue. Oh, Alex
has a question. I need to ask, how do
you get the scan visor out? Because it
used to be like a C stick or D-pad thing
depending on which version you were
playing. He's getting the Switch 2
controller. Later, potato. Don't tell
Nintendo I have the Switch to Joy-Con
back there. No, I uh so I was just
grabbing a pair of Joy-Con. Um I'm
pretty sure it was the X button was the
visor and the Y button was the morph
ball. During my demo, I was constantly
like jumping into the morph ball on
accident. While you had the mouse, then
you can also click the buttons. Yeah.
Yep. Yep. So, basically, the way I would
hold it was like, you know, this is the
Joy-Con. I would hold it like this and I
would switch like I tried two fingers.
That was a little weird. Um, I was
usually just using one and then like
hitting the buttons. But that's the
other thing is now it's not that the
perspective has changed cuz you're still
holding the controller the same really.
It's just something you have to get used
to. Yeah, it was fun to go around and
scan things. You can you I don't know if
you could do this in Metroid Prime 2 and
3, but you could talk to the NPCs in
Metroid Prime 4 and they had like some
of them were like, "Oh, that's Samus,
the legendary like bounty hunter. Like,
I'm I can't believe I'm getting to work
with her." And then there was a moment
where a bunch like an NPC died and uh
the other like the soldiers like went up
to them and like stood around them and
one of them was like, "I'm so sorry.
Like I I'll I'll be ready for like
battle next time and they like they
really felt the gravity of the fact that
like their comrade died in front of them
and it's so smooth. The boss battle I
have things to say about that but we'll
save that for the other video. I'm just
I'm really impressed and I've I haven't
told you guys but I'm I'm I'm been
playing Metroid Prime Remastered over
the past like and I'm like 5 hours in
and I'm just loving it. And so I'm as a
as a newly made Metroid Prime fan, I'm
I'm really stoked for four Metroid Prime
Remastered 4K 60 on Switch 2. Oh god.
That'd be great. Where's Where's two and
three? A topic for another day as well.
But but you know what also would be
great is to hear about Donkey Kong
banana. Yes. When it was first shown
off, I thought this was a Banjo game.
The eyeballs on the crystals. I don't
know. Like I wasn't even looking at the
bananas. I was just looking at the the
little crystal kind of things that were
walking around. They they had like
eyelashes and they were very sparkly and
I was like that's those are rare uh
assets right there. And it wasn't. It
was a Donkey Kong game. had already said
that that that they had finished with
third party announcements. Very fair.
Very fair. But in the moment I was like,
you know, we don't know what this is. I
thought it was a new Mario Odyssey. I
think a lot of I didn't know what it
was. I was just like, ah, that'll tell
me. I'm sure. Sure. So, I played about
10 minutes of the demo. I wish I could
have gone back and played more, but
there was, you know, it was just a long
day with a lot of stuff to do. So, they
they throw you into the early part where
you're in the mine, you've got your
mining hat on, and uh and you'll people
will get to see the footage here on
screen, but you're, you know, with the
controls in that game is like the Y
button, you punch forward, the X button
is up, and the B button is down, and the
A is jump. And then you can like grab
things, and you can you can like do a
dodge roll and stuff like with the the
triggers. And it's just a it's a lot to
wrap your head around. It's it's
different than just like a jump and a
punch button. It's a different kind of
platformer in a sense. And I I found
myself very quickly getting lost in the
mine. There's just so much dirt and like
rocks and rebels. Star of a horror film.
I found myself getting lost in the mine.
Donkey Kong yearned from the mines ever
since he was a little kid. I mean, he he
does love mine carts. He loves going
through them. Or maybe he just is forced
to and now he's he's just in in the
mines. I do want to ask about the game
because it looks like the the main hook
is like you can destroy anything, but
like what what's the purpose of doing
it? Is it actually fun? Does it feel
good? I don't know yet. I'm I'm very
torn on it. I think that's why I'm so
cons like I'm I want to be reserved with
my opinion on it because I only played
it for 10 minutes. You know, that's not
enough time for me to say like to say
it's a good or bad game. I just feel
like this game has a bit of an identity
crisis as well. Like if you if you take
Donkey Kong out of many of the visuals
like the the sky island, doesn't it look
a bit like Tears of the Kingdom? like
the color palette is is yellow and gray
and there's blue backgrounds and and
there's elements that look like this is
Mario Odyssey 2. Um but then you have
this really animated Donkey Kong. I I'm
just and and there were also like there
were glitches as well. There's a moment
where I early when I'm in the mines, I'm
I pick up I break a banana and like DK
like turns around and does like the
Mario Odyssey like I got a moon thing
and then there's like a there's like a a
graphical like texture that just appears
below his feet. And the game comes out
June. Is it June or July? July. It's a
month after like approximately month
after release date. the the thing I'm
just the most concerned about is like
you're just if you're digging through
mines and dirt all the time, that's
what's in that's what's in front of you.
And and like I was really hoping and I
don't know if you guys felt the same,
but I was really hoping that this was
going to be a a Donkey Kong where you
get to explore massive jungles and caves
and you're swinging around on vines. I
just want a good 3D Donkey Kong game and
this feels like it's more of a from my
first impressions is this doesn't feel
like a Donkey Kong game. Okay. And I bet
I'll grow to love it. I just I'm not
convinced yet. I I have to go. Um but
don't worry, we we'll still be here.
It's just Alex. But before I do, yeah,
these two are hanging around. I've got
to go though. Before I do, I've got to
ask Cyberpunk. Did you like it? Have you
played it before? Yeah. So, I started
Cyberpunk on Xbox Series X. I had the
Ultimate Edition. Uh I put a couple
hours in. I like did the character
creator. I started getting to the into
the tutorial and I was excited to play
it, but then I just put it down because,
you know, uh, gamer issues, things just
come up. I didn't have experience with
it before, so my footage probably looks
like I like I've never played the game.
But I was really impressed in the visual
department, especially with the fact
that like, you know, the neon lights
like completely changed the environment.
You'll be walking through one section
and you'll see it's it's a blue area and
now it's now it's red. And and that
sounds really simple and stupid, but it
it was just really like inviting, even
though the city is scummy and and dirty.
And I don't think many people have
described Night City as inviting. Well,
I guess I'm just a big neon connoisseur.
Uh I do really like neon lights, not not
going to lie. I still had a lot of fun
with it, like running into into combat
and like looking down the sights and and
and and shooting enemies and trying to,
you know, like hide undercover. the
characters felt like or the enemies.
There was this weird thing. I'll show it
on screen here, but there was this weird
thing where I had a hammer and I whacked
an enemy and he just like he just like
and just like hit the ground instantly.
There was no like ragd doll transition
and then I smoked him again and he just
like it was almost like I hit him again
with the hammer and his body like didn't
the animation didn't change. He just
went like he just like flew he just like
flew off screen and I was like uh um but
maybe that's a bit of a sacrifice to get
the game looking as like maybe that that
sounds like a glitch more than anything.
Okay, well hey Cyberpunk. Um but it it
ran pretty well. I was really impressed
with it and I I think this is like if
you own a PlayStation 5 or Series X at
like unless if you care about handheld
mode like I don't know the reason to buy
this on Switch 2 other than handheld
mode or maybe price or something like
for Switch 2 owners only. Like if you
only own that like this seems like it's
going to be a great way to play the game
from what I've played so far. Superb.
I'm Does that answer your question? It
does. Okay, cool. See you later then.
Well, that was all right. Now it's just
you and me. So see, we still have a lot
of games to talk about though. So, what
game do you want to talk about? Cuz I
have a few uh that I want to hear. I
suppose we could talk about Drag. Dragon
Drive, I think is what it might be
called. Drag X Drive. Yeah, cuz that's
one that you can't really judge by the
game play. It's about how it feels like
how how does it feel driving around in a
wheelchair and like throwing hoops? If
you've ever sat in a wheelchair, right?
like the way that you you move with it
is by like pushing your arms kind of
forward and the the motion that you're
you're pulling off or that you're
practicing with the Joy-Con as well
feels very similar like it they've
they've really managed to kind of
capture that feeling even with like you
know the feeling of your arms getting
tired I suppose in a sense obviously
it's it's not going to be as as
intensive as like actually pushing your
body around in a vehicle manually but
like you know there were times where I
you know you you push forward with the
Joy-Con And then you can kind of like
you can push one forward and one back to
kind of do like a little turn. I think
the the Joy-Con also do like one of I
think the ZL and ZR buttons allow you to
break as well. So you can kind of like
twist a little bit quicker. And the the
face buttons don't do anything that or
like on the controller. So you don't
even have to worry about those. When you
get the ball and you want to go shoot a
basket, you lift up your arm physically
uh and and the Joy-Con and you like like
it's a flick of the wrist that that
sends the basket in. Um, there's also
like a little meter down on the bottom
of the screen that like control or um
shows how accurate the ball is. So, I
think it's the more you have your arm up
in the air or the longer the more
accurate it will be. There's a lot to
wrap your head around though with it.
There's like tricks that you can do. You
can like go up a ramp and then you can
try to throw the ball in and you can
score additional like tiny like little
slivers of points if you do tricks. You
can also score three-pointers like you
can just in traditional basketball or
two-pointers based on how far away you
are. It feels good. It's just it's just
intense. We got to play Alana and I both
did with like it was three on three and
we had a good time with it. Alana didn't
like it as much as I did. It's the kind
of game that you can't just pick up and
play. You have to go through the
tutorial. You kind of have to get good
at it and I think that's really unique.
Like I don't know if we've ever seen a
game that does like two computer mouses.
No, I've never seen that before. It's
really really cool. feels like they
really believe in the game because they
had at at our at the Nintendo like demo
event, they had 18 booths for this Drag
Drag X Drive game or whatever it's
called. But and I think theoretically
they wanted to show off a group setting
to as many people as they could. But it
was cool to see how much like faith
they're putting in that game. Nice. But
something I'm really really excited to
hear about because uh I mean after
seeing your footage, it looked
incredible was Zelda Breath of the Wild
and Tears of the Kingdom running on
Switch 2. It looks absolutely
incredible. How was it to actually play
that? It was really shocking in in a
good way. In a in a fantastic way.
Absolutely a good way. You're right.
Thank you for asking. The demo was quite
short, so I didn't really know where to
spend my time. And Alana was like, "Oh,
there was a save file that had the
Cororo forest. Like, go to the Korak
Forest. Go explore there." And it was
surprising how smooth it really was.
Like when I first walked in, I tried to
pull the Master Sword out for fun, even
though I I didn't have enough hearts.
Alana was even like, "I think you need
13." And I was like, "Yeah, yeah, you're
right. What am I doing?" I kind of
explored around and it's been a while
since I played Breath of the Wild and
even Tears of the Kingdom. So, I
couldn't remember if there was a certain
part in the Korak Forest that was rough
or if it was just the entirety. And it
was just a smooth experience throughout.
So much so that I was like, am I doing
something wrong? Like the game should be
like lagging right now, right? And it
just wasn't. Even then, we decided to
warp to a tower. Yeah, I saw that. Went
so quick. Uh-huh. It really was. even
like in I don't know if you did like
went back and like did like any loading
comparisons or anything like I I
certainly haven't but in the moment like
I I turned around to Alana and was like
is was that that was fast right it's
it's just going to make world traversal
so so much better and that's a really
nice thing to see the Switch handling
loading times so much quicker with I'm
assuming micro SD express and just
better hardware but yeah what about the
the loading distance of course I can
only get so much from watching your
video when you I know Elana kind of
played that intersection where you can
look all out uh from the great plate.
The great plateau. Yeah. Yeah. Did Did
it feel like wow, I can see so so far?
Of course, the it was also better
entities of the king. Yeah. I'm glad you
bring that up cuz when we got to when I
warped from the Korak forest to the the
tower, I looked off in the distance and
everything was sharp, but there wasn't
it wasn't like populated with trees and
and and little like, you know, like
houses or rock formations. It was still
the popping in might be the same. Um cuz
that was one thing that was like a
little immersionbreaking. I mean it it
certainly feels worse at least from what
I played in Tears of the Kingdom because
there you can just see so much from so
high up where Breath of the Wild you're
grounded much more often. Like when
Alana was playing Tears of the Kingdom,
we were trying to find since that game,
you know, has more I think I think a
harder time with frame rate, I guess,
with like Ultra Hand and and and all the
different like kind of things that you
can add on to like vehicles and and the
sort. Um, but we the demo was short, so
we were trying like on the fly to think
of like how can can we break this demo?
Can we see if we can get any frame
stuttering? and Alana threw a bunch of
bombs down and uh and pulled out like a
fire weapon or like lit the grass on
fire and uh and we tried as hard as we
could to, you know, cause some frame
stutters, but it it still looked just
buttery smooth. That was Yeah, that was
really nice to see. I I wouldn't doubt
that the game's going to have, you know,
some kind of issues because of just how
big you can build certain vehicles and
and take them through certain certain
environments are probably going to be
more taxing. But um but we tried to to
break the game and we we couldn't. So,
but one game that I I'm not sure I'll
dive that much into is um the Switch to
Welcome. Oh, I forget the title. Oh,
yeah. Welcome tour. You said you got to
try that out. Yeah. Yeah. I I wrote the
um the hands-on preview for that for
like Nintendo Life with Gavin. Both of
both of us kind of tag team that one.
I'm not so sure how to feel about it
yet. So, after having played it, this
should be a packing tile, right? I 100%
agree. I don't understand why this was
not a packing title. My only guess is
that maybe Nintendo will release this as
like a Nintendo Switch Online expansion
pack bonus or maybe it'll be like $5 US
here in the Switch. And what my hope is
is that there's more to this game than
we've seen. Um, but even even if it's
$5, like why would you pay I mean it is
cool, but I don't see a lot of people
paying for it. Myself included. like,
okay, it's cool, but this this should be
like I'm just learning about the console
and stuff like that. I don't know how
how fun it is. And and as you say, we
can only hope that there's more to this
game than than that what they've showed.
I think it's Nintendo probably just
trying to recoup some cost. Uh, and I I
don't think they need to give us this
thing for free. I really I think they
should as well. I really if they want to
charge, then I guess like who am I to
say? But I'm what my hope is is that
this will be kind of like a like a Wii
Play scenario or where it's, you know,
Wii Play back in the day was in the US
it was it was $50 and it came with a Wii
remote. So theoretically, assume you
were paying $10 to get Wii Play and that
game very much felt like it should have
been something for free as well, but
people were were paying $10 for it. So I
guess comparing it to something like
that, it's not as bad. And there are
supposed to be way more tech demos in
here as well. I think the the demoist
that I was with said there were dozens.
Now, I don't know if that means 24, 36,
if it means 15, I don't know. But if the
right mini games are in there, I think
this could be a fun time for the right
Nintendo fans. So, we've talked about,
if I'm counting correctly, eight games
so far. Oh my gosh. Wow. So, you
probably want to know what else I've
played then. Yeah. Yeah. The last two
games. What are they? One I'm a little
split on is Split Fiction.
It didn't look good in the trailer. I
mean, it it's super nice to have it, but
compared to on the PlayStation, it's
looked a bit rough around the edges. I
think you hit it right on the head
there. I think that is the that's the
reason why I felt weird about it. Um,
I've been playing It Takes 2 on
PlayStation 5 and of course, you know,
that's not Switch to hardware. Uh, and I
know I know you really liked It Takes 2
as well. I think that's why I'm a bit
more miffed here, especially when you
compare it to something like Cyberpunk.
I think I was I was really expecting
Split Fiction to kind of be prepared for
Switch 2 hardware and this is it's just
not a showcase of what the Switch 2 can
do. I think it also it's a it's a good
showcase that you have to develop for
the unit because if Cyberpunk can run it
look best like it looks genuinely good.
Yeah, this game should also look
genuinely good but it doesn't because
they hadn't prioritized it or haven't
figured out exactly how to optimize it
for the Switch. So yeah, that that's a
shame to hear. But uh and you're totally
right. It just because the Switch 2 is
more powerful now, you're right. It it
doesn't mean that every game is just
going to have it easy now, they still
they still need to kind of have enough
time and and resources to understand the
the hardware. You're right. Just
environments and um and objects were
were very low detailed. Um everything
felt like it kind of like the colors
were really muted. And that's the thing
I loved about Cyberpunk was it just
everything was was bright and
in-your-face and I wasn't expecting that
on on Nintendo's hardware from a third
party and especially you're right when
you compare it to split fiction it's um
it's quite uh it's quite night and day.
So
Soon we have one more game or actually
we have one game and a little extra
something that you also got a bonus an
expansion pack we could say. Yeah.
You'll be so happy to hear, Felix, that
the mouse mode mini games in Mario Party
Jamberee Nintendo Switch 2 edition are
fantastic. I had so much fun and I could
not care. I'm not anti Mario Party. I
just couldn't care less about them when
I saw them. I even saw the demo station
like and I went and played them. I got
to play with a few um I got to play with
a treehouse employee and a Nintendo
demoist and we just had a blast. Alana
and I both did uh we did like a whole
team of of four of us. There's weird
little mini games like I don't know if
you've really like dug into them yet,
but there's one where you're sorting
email. I've seen that one in this Yeah,
you're moving the the the Joy-Con. All
of the mini gamess I think I played used
mouse mode if I remember right. Um but
the the email one was a lot of fun. You
you're sorting email like there's all
these letters out on the on the table.
So I guess it's it's not really it's
just letters but um but you're you some
of them have Bowser stamps and peach
stamps and and regular ones and you're
sorting them into different piles. the
Bowser ones of course go into the trash
bin and you're working we played co-op
so it was we were on teams of two uh and
it was so frantic and fun and it just
felt like I think all of the mini games
felt a bit more chaotic because we were
all given this new control set that we
are kind of we kind of understand
because we know how how mice work and I
know my mouse is very different than the
norm but and we know how Joy-Con work
but we've now been like thrown into this
new thing that like feels familiar but
is different so it adds that element But
also, it's a ton of new mini games.
There was also one that you would be
good at this as well was you have to
carry like a toad kind of through this
like cave where all of the walls are
electrified and if the toad hits the
wall, he gets shocked and gets sent back
to like the checkpoint that you were at.
But I was straight up like so good at
this one because of I think our
Photoshop skills of like having to like
drag drag the lasso tool like around um
around a character to cut it out of an
image to use in a thumbnail in in our
videos that I was just like and maybe
maybe the other like players that we
were playing with were like
intentionally you know being worse so
that way I could excel at a miniame but
I had so much fun playing that one. We
also did Jamberee TV, Bowser TV. Yeah,
we did that kind with the camera and
stuff or Yeah, it worked well. Like it
did a good job of like, you know, of the
cuz basically how that plays for anyone
who doesn't know is you you put a camera
kind of in front of the TV and it faces
you and all the players. And I don't
think you use Joy-Con. I think it was
just your full full body like like
PlayStation 3's eye camera and and Xbox
connect. And it it did a good job of
like cutting out you from the background
image and everything and like inserting
you into the game. It just was like I
don't know. I don't know if I'm just
getting older. I just don't want to do
that in video games anymore. Like when I
was a kid or like a high schooler, I
loved playing like there were a couple
PlayStation 3 games that I played called
like TV Superstars and start the party
and even like you're in the movies where
the camera would scan you and put you in
the game or um or just put the entire
background in and everything. And it was
fun being on TV and seeing all my
friends and laughing at each other. But
now I just like I just don't want to
like do squats and I don't want to like
There was a miniame where you have to
yell at the top of your lungs and you
have to jump around and move as much as
you can and I think that'll be great for
5year-olds, 10year-olds or even just a
family. But I wanted no part of that. I
think I'm still young enough that I can
appreciate some like motion like oh I
mean that doesn't sound too bad but I
guess I'll have to try it. But you did
have a little something extra that you
also got. Yeah. Yeah, I got to play some
GameCube Nintendo Switch Online stuff.
Um, I did not try out F-Zero because I'm
I'm with a GameCube controller. I did.
Yes, with a GameCube and it felt great.
Oh my, I forgot we didn't get to talk
about that in the Switch 2 video either.
The the joystick, I mean, you know, a
few years ago, many years ago, Nintendo
re-released GameCube controllers for the
Wii U with Smash Bros. for Wii U, and
the it was great getting our hands on
brand new GameCube joysticks then, but
now these ones, they feel different. Um,
it's still like it's a really nice
quality. I have no complaints about
them. They just feel the the analog
stick just felt a little different and I
think almost better. I'm very curious if
they've used the same sticks that
they've used in the like the Joy-Con and
Switch Pro Controller in the Gamecube
controller or implemented some of that
technology. Um, but we played some
Soulcalibur 2 and I got to watch Alana
play Wind Waker and I had a blast with
Soulcalibur 2. It felt like um like it's
a Namco fighting game that is like was
best played on Gamecube cuz you could
play as Link and Link is in this version
and his grab is just as overpowered as
it was back then where you can just you
can grab someone and he just like hooks
them just right over right behind behind
his back and and you can ring out
someone and it felt like riding a bike.
Wind Waker was
like Let me know in the comments down
below if you think that this looks a
little stuttery. Maybe it's just because
we've never seen Wind Waker in, you
know, this original version at like such
a high resolution. Um, you know, cuz the
Wii U version was was rebuilt a little
with, you know, uh they redid some
character designs and and um and added
some like bloom and lighting bloom and
everything. Uh and just changed the
color palettes and it it's a different
different game. Um but Wind Waker just
didn't look as smooth as I thought it
would um running on Switch. But but
maybe my eyes are are wrong, you know.
Um I did like to see though, oh
widescreen support. Certain games for
the Gamecube were developed with
widescreen support in mind and if that
game has it, you can activate it in the
settings. So So we played Soulcalibur 2
widescreen on on expansion pack. Yeah.
Just it just like it just did the thing
kind of like how right like certain N64
expansion pack games I think also have
widescreen support. I don't remember.
Maybe Banjo Tuili as well. Golden Eye.
Oh, it does. Yeah. Yeah. Did you get to
try any of the CRT filters? I didn't
turn it on. We like went into the
settings and I saw it there and I just
left it alone. I don't know why. Um
that's fair. I'm really excited about
that cuz I remember I mean it's also
coming to um N64 but only on Switch 2 I
think. Um but I'm really excited about
that cuz when I was playing Ocarine of
Time, I think it would help so much with
like a good like a good CRT filter can
really do wonders for those old games
and make them look how they are supposed
to look. That was it. I had a blast. But
my gosh, that's a lot of games. It was a
It was a We've all had a long week. But
yeah, we sat down to do this chat uh
with Alex like, "Yeah, we'll get it done
in like 25 minutes." And uh we've gone
so much over. Yeah. To go and Yeah. I
think I think we handled it quite well
though. It was really really excited uh
exciting to to hear about all the games.
I think what I'm most excited about is
Mario Kart and also Zelda uh and also
Metroid. That looks really really good.
And I I'm glad that you had a blast with
it. Uh and are playing uh the remastered
of the first one. Metroid has such good
bones. You know, I only got to do the
opening area really, so I didn't get to
go to the new planet. I didn't get to
use the psychic psychic powers. But if
the rest of the game is as good as that
that core opening, I think it's that's
going to be a great time. But anyway,
what do you think of all these games now
that you've had a proper look at it with
all Seance footage? Well, let us know
down in the comments below. And uh if
you enjoyed this video, why don't you
talk about 10 Switch 2 games that you
haven't played and click that subscribe
button. All right then. Thank you so
much for watching and we'll see you in
the next one. Felix and S from Nintendo
Life out.
[Music]