[Music]
Sorry to keep you
[Music]
waiting. In 2011, Nintendo decided that
it needed a follow-up for its wildly
successful DS. As that came to the end
of its life cycle, they seemingly shook
the gaming world with the announcement
of the successor, the 3DS, the world's
first gaming handheld with glasses free
3D
capabilities. They did not reinvent the
wheel, keeping the predecessor's overall
look, featuring the same clam shell and
dual screen design and much of the
functionality, even supporting full
backwards compatibility for the system
that it replaced. But its graphical
capabilities were a good generational
leap ahead. It featured more
applications and more robust online
functionality, but its most unique
feature and main selling point was the
aforementioned 3D. The effect could be
activated with a physical slider, and it
would give games the kind of visual
depth you'd normally have to pay extra
for in the
cinema. Suffice to say, it was
groundbreaking. Another unique feature
was something called Street Pass,
whereby your 3DS would always be seeking
all the nearby 3DS units. It would share
data between them, such as your Mi
avatars and game content like Ghost Data
from Racing
Games. In spite of Nintendo's chokeold
in the handheld market and the new
systems unique selling points, its
initial sales were underwhelming,
probably due to a lackluster launch
lineup of games, as well as the
dwindling interest in dedicated gaming
handhelds as smartphones sought to take
their place. So dire was the situation
that Nintendo announced a drastic price
cut just mere months later. It has been
said that they were selling these units
at a loss, so they must have had
something up their sleeve. The new price
point for the Nintendo 3DS,
$169.99. It's a fantastic value because
there's great built-in applications,
there's downloadable software, and there
are two great new Mario titles coming
this holiday. It gives you everything
you want, and it's like nothing else
that's available. 12 years or so later
and the 3DS has sold a respectable 76
million units, which is only about 5
million away from the PSP's total sales.
But when Nintendo released their hybrid
console, the Nintendo Switch, they did
not offer any backwards compatibility
for the 3DS. In fact, most of the 3DS
games did not see re-releases or
remasters. And perhaps most notably,
Nintendo never revisited the 3D feature
at all since, seemingly resigning it to
the dust bin of history.
Glasses free 3D gaming was born and
apparently died with the
3DS. So, what is its legacy? Was it a
good handheld? Have the years been kind
to it? Let's dive
in. I was a fairly early adopter of the
3DS, and it certainly held my attention
to begin with with titles like Metal
Gear Solid Snaky to 3D, Legend of Zelda:
Ocarina of Time 3D, and various other
remasters with 3D in the title. The 3D
effect definitely had a wow factor. I
remember taking it to the university bar
with me and showing off some of the
three-dimensional adult material, but
people were blown away by it. And most
times the images wouldn't necessarily
pop out the screen, but there was a real
sense of depth that no other device
could give you. There was one load
screen that I remember vividly, which
was Lego Lord of the Rings, as the load
screen featured the one ring spinning in
the center, and you could perceivably
put your actual finger through it. That
was quite neat, if just a gimmick,
really. Wow. I tended not to use the 3D
effect for hours on end. Why not? the
battery runs down and you needed to keep
your head relatively still in order for
it to work. Plus, many players alleged
that they got motion sickness or
headaches from overuse, although I never
encountered that issue
myself. But regardless, the appeal was
short-lived as there was a new kid on
the block. Sony released their successor
to the PSP, the PlayStation VA, and it
completely stole the limelight for me.
It was a far more premium device with a
larger, higher resolution OLED display,
dual analog sticks, full-on PS3 standard
AAA titles like Uncharted, Mortal
Kombat, Killzone, and robust online
functionality with full-fledged friend
interactions like crossame chat, trophy
hunting. The comparatively weak 3DS had
a very different approach, a more
modest, lower budget look and feel, and
it simply could not compete on the
beta's terms. And with every new Mario
game announcement, my reaction was
invariably, whoa, that's interesting,
but I sure don't care. There were some
great Nintendo titles amongst the title
wave of Super Mario Slop, but I was
invested into the VA's ecosystem far
more by this point, so I sold my 3DS and
forgot all about it.
Fast forward a few years and I was
taking an IT
course and Nintendo announced the
release of their appropriately, if
uninspiringly named, New 3DS, a model
which was a muchneeded upgrade to
modernize the system. This model
featured a CS stick, not quite an
analog, more like a a nipple that
responds to pressure boy. And the
handheld boasted improved internal specs
and a handful of games capable of
running on the new models exclusively,
plus an improved and more reliable 3D
effect with eye tracking to compensate
for head movement. I'd missed out on
quite a lot of releases in my time apart
from the 3DS. Now, Super Smash Bros. was
out, Monster Hunter 4, Xenerlade
Chronicles, Pokémon Omega Ruby, and
Alpha Sapphire. My mates and my course
all wanted one as well, and so a bunch
of us all bought ourselves one that same
week. And well, on our breaks, we were
playing Super Smash Bros., trading
Pokémon, sharing content with each
other. Suddenly, Nintendo's ecosystem
was appealing again. But as soon as I
got home, the 3DS would be under the
Vita's shadow. As I was getting hooked
on Freedom Wars, Legend of Heroes, then
there was Resident Evil Revelations 2,
Dragon Quest Builders, Tokyo Xanadu,
Tokidon 2. Other big hitters like that
were all coming to the VA. And I know it
doesn't sound like the beta as its
legacy is one of a system with no games
apparently, but actually its games
library was more or less toe-to-toe with
the 3DS for both of the life
cycles. And for me, it had the edge cuz
its games were more mature, and its
graphics were incredible. I didn't have
time for both systems. So, I said
goodbye to the 3DS one last time, and I
sold it along with all of its games,
most of which I'd never even
completed. But I was convinced I would
never touch a 3DS again. And I was right
for about five or 6 years. After years
of playing on the Switch, I felt
underwhelmed somehow. Despite its
incredible games catalog featuring some
of my favorite titles of all time, the
system itself just didn't steal my
heart. Not the way older handholders
once did. It may have been because of
the lack of features and functionality
besides the ability to play games. But
it got me thinking about the 3DS again
for the first time in years. It got me
thinking about how it only ever played a
couple dozen of its games. And for the
most part, its library was still a big
unknown to me. So I decided to buy
another
one. So when my new 3DS arrived, the
first thing I did was hack it. I then
proceeded to download hundreds of games
to the system and tried them all out to
see if they would change my preconceived
notions. One of the first games I played
was Ace Combat, which is quite unique
within the 3DS library. It's essentially
a reimagining of Ace Combat 2 for the
PlayStation 1, but incorporating more
modern gameplay mechanics and nicer
graphics. Indeed, its graphics are
impressive for an early 3DS game,
featuring well-realized environments
with a decent draw distance, and to my
surprise, there's even a fully rendered
cockpit view with all the flight
controls visible. The 3D effect is also
very well utilized on this title, and I
was truly impressed at how immersed and
engaged I felt with it switched on.
Monster Hunter Stories was another game
that took me by surprise. Despite
enjoying the mainline series, I always
dismiss stories as some kind of cheap
kid-friendly version. But it's actually
a fullfeatured openw world RPG in the
vein of Pokémon. Although you can play
it on other systems, it feels right at
home on the 3DS, the system it was
originally designed for. And it's not
just the fact that it has Legend of
Zelda DLC. But there is something about
its art direction and overall
aesthetics. Let me explain.
Although I always noticed that there was
a colorful and child-friendly look to
many 3DS games, and I previously saw
that as a negative, I started
recognizing this consistency in a whole
different light. Even lesserknown 3DS
games, including third party games like
LBX, Yokai Watch, Inuma 11, Ever Oasis,
Fantasy Life, and many others, all have
this consistent aesthetic, one that
blends in with Nintendo's first party
titles like Pokémon and Animal Crossing.
They are somewhat low poly with fairly
pixelated textures up close, but they
have vibrant colors and a whimsical,
light-hearted art style. Contrary to
what I previously thought, the visual
harmony is quite appealing, and it could
be due to the 3DS's hardware limitations
due to its primarily fixed function
graphics pipeline, which meant
developers had to use similar
techniques, which resulted in
potentially similar looking aesthetics.
For example, its shaders often gave the
appearance of shiny looking textures. It
reminds me of the way Nintendo 64 games
had a distinctive look to them, and
gamers look back fondly at it being so
iconic. For that matter, many older
consoles were fixed function. And the
strange thing is that the 3DS may have
been one of the last
ones. That being said, as many of these
games are exclusive to the 3DS, the
commitment to the consistency with
stylized visuals sometimes feels like a
conscious tribute to the 3DS's
uniqueness. Like the developers saw what
the other teams had created and wanted
their products to capture the same
spirit. Even if these games get ported
to other consoles, as some have, they
still feel very much like 3DS games
through and through, it's in their DNA.
I found it amusing that the gritty Lost
Planet series had a Japan exclusive 3DS
spin-off called Ex Troopers, and it had
an extremely light-hearted and whimsical
colorful aesthetic. Like some of these
other games I mentioned, although this
one is more cell-shaded and anime
inspired, it still feels right at home
on the 3DS. But the system has many
games that subvert the visual style of
the main series, such as Castlevania,
which moves away from the dark,
moodiness of the recent games and
returns to 2D, but with high contrast
colorful visuals and cell shading in
cutscenes. Ghost Recon Shadow Wars also
deviates from the mainline entries in
this isometric turn-based tactic
spin-off with a distinctively low poly
cell-shaded look that's reminiscent of
other games on the system like Ace
Attorney and Kingabancho or even
Pokémon.
And you may not have been aware, but the
critically acclaimed JRPG Dragon Quest
11 actually had an exclusive 3DS
version. Not only does it have that
distinctive 3DS visual style, but it
also contained the entire original game
on the touchcreen as your mini map.
That's a pretty cool touch. Sadly, it
was never released in English, so I'm
praying for a fan-made English patch
someday. But if nothing else, it's a
great example of how developers just
completely retoolled and reworked a game
to make it run on the 3DS. And once
again, you could probably instantly
recognize it as a 3DS game, even without
any context, just due to the art
style. And the 3DS library covers a lot
of ground. Everything from Diablo clones
to giant open world RPGs, shooters,
fighting games. You've got a bit of
everything really.
But if you feel like there are any
missing genres, it more than makes up
for them with full backwards
compatibility with the DS. I never
personally owned a DS, so there's
nostalgia value for me. But it's been
really cool to try out games that I was
always curious about, like its exclusive
Pokémon games and Zelda games, and
countless other spin-offs and Dmakes,
like its weird Tony Hawk games, its
Kingdom Hearts spin-offs, also its
driver clone called Cop the Recruit,
plus a ton of critically acclaimed
JRPGs. The DS library is massive,
covering multitudes of genres and very
unique experiences, with many of its
titles remaining exclusive to it after
all these years. If you can think of a
game style that is not present in the
3DS library, you can probably find some
equivalent in the DS's enormous catalog.
Furthermore, if you mod your 3DS, you
can actually enhance these with
widescreen mods and full control
remapping, including analog movement
instead of touchscreen or directional
button setups. This is especially useful
on games where 360deree movement was
implemented but mapped to the eight
directions of the DS's control pad.
Although hacking a 3DS isn't necessary
for you to enjoy it, I do think it can
provide so many quality of life
improvements for your games. One of the
best examples of this is the fan-made
project restoration patch for The Legend
of Zelda Majora's Mask 3D. You see, this
game, despite getting an even grander
overhaul than Ocarina of Time, was
panned by many for having some
unnecessary and ill-advised changes to
the original gameplay mechanics and boss
fights. But the restoration mod fixes
many of these flaws, and in my opinion,
does enough to make the 3DS remaster a
version worthy of the original. I've
fallen in love with it, and I cannot
recommend it enough. It's so
atmospheric. The new visuals are
gorgeous. Its premise is so compelling.
The characters are fascinating. The
different abilities you gain are so fun
to use. It's genuinely one of the best
games I have ever played, which I was
not expecting when I started out. Yo
Watch captures the nostalgia that we all
have of our childhood, and it's helped
by the fact that it takes place in a
seemingly ordinary world where you still
have to deal with school, friends,
family, and chores, but there's a lot of
exploration. There are secret areas and
collectible monsters that most NPCs
can't see. It's like seeing the world
through the imagination of a kid again.
It can be a bit infantile and crude at
times, but it's endearing and
imaginative at the same time. It offers
some real challenges, and the world
feels surprisingly alive and dynamic,
and the games are just beautiful. I also
like that you can have your favorite
Yo-kai follow you around, a bit like in
the old Pokémon games. I chose this
naked fat man. Look at him dripping
sweat all over the place. At least I I
hope that's sweat. On second thoughts,
how do I get him to stop following me
now? I love exploring and interacting
with the environments, especially with
the 3D effect on, which just opens up
the world a bit. How do I explain this?
Without 3D, it's like looking down
through a window in a high-rise, but
switching the 3D on is like opening that
window and sticking your head out. You
don't notice the window frame so much
now, and you don't feel like you have an
obstruction between your eyes and the
view. And honestly, this applies to most
3DS games for me. Perhaps I'm in the
minority, but the 3D truly adds
something to the experience. Even the
titles that weren't built specifically
around the feature, usually benefit from
it anyway. Partly because it adds that
sense of depth, but also because it
displays two slightly different images
to each eye. So, you actually get a
wider view and what feels like a bigger
image, but also the bezels surrounding
the screen no longer feel like they're
on the same plane as the objects in the
image. So, what naturally occurs is they
come out of focus a little and your eyes
focus more on the image itself, making
you somewhat more engrossed.
Kid Icarus is also considered to be one
of the best 3DS games. Frankly, its
protagonist, Pit, could be the 3DS
mascot, as his first fully polygonal
title is a brilliant 3DS exclusive,
blending on rails schmup sequences with
on foot hacken slash gameplay. I just
love how they revived this old
sidescroller for the 3DS and gave it a
new
identity. In terms of first parties,
Hyrule Warriors has also got me engaged
at the moment with its musu gameplay
similar to Dynasty Warriors set in the
Legend of Zelda universe with all the
quirky monster designs and awesome huge
scale battles and addictive combat that
vary significantly between
characters. The game originally launched
on Nintendo's then current home console,
the Wii U. But like Mario Maker, Super
Smash Bros., and Yoshi's Woolly World,
the 3DS received its own extremely
faithful versions, there's not a lot for
me to say about the Wii U, except its
lack of success is probably the reason
why the 3DS ended up with such a rich
first party games library, as it
essentially became Nintendo's flagship
console for the
generation. While Nintendo published
around 60 games for the Wii U, they only
developed a fraction of those in-house.
They published and developed far more
for the 3DS and even continued to do so
after the release of the
Switch. Granted, not all of these are
the best Nintendo have ever had to
offer. Super Mario 3D Land isn't really
as good as Galaxy or Odyssey, and the
3DS Pokémon games aren't as beloved as
the DS or Game Boy ones. But most titles
on the 3DS all had their place and
delivered something different. Fire
Emblem Awakening for the 3DS revived the
series, and some would argue it
surpasses the earlier entries. Animal
Crossing: New Leaf is a fan favorite,
too. And the Ocarina of Time remake is
considered the definitive version. I
think it's undeniable that the first
party offerings on the 3DS were very
impressive. Included in the big list of
Nintendo published games are the Dylan
titles, which began as eShop
downloadable games, offering a mix of
action and Tower Defense. You'll
probably recognize its main character as
a Smash Bros. Assist. I somehow managed
to come across a cheap sealed copy of
the one retail Dylan game. And it's a
good thing because my digital copy kept
crashing. So, let's give it a go. It's
to my understanding that the game uses
your MI avatars to populate the world.
Oh, speak of the devil. There's my MI
avatar. I hope the game doesn't do
anything unpleasant to him.
All the single berries. All the single.
Look how they mask with my boy. Yes, the
game turns your MI avatars into ammy
moles, and they look kind of derpy. I
mean, what kind of abomination is this?
But the quirkiness sort of fits the
tone, and having you and your friends
avatars in the game makes it feel quite
fresh and dynamic, and it offers some
interesting new gameplay opportunities.
This one slipped under a lot of people's
radars, but you should really check it
out. The Sims games on the 3DS were
surprisingly competent as well, although
sadly lacking in content compared to the
PC versions. I thoroughly enjoyed my
time with the games, though. Although,
the use of play coins kind of breaks
these games, as it's possible to become
unfathomably rich in a ridiculously
short amount of time. And if you're
scratching your head wondering what play
coins are, don't worry. I've got your
back. 3DS has a built-in pedometer. By
pedometer, I mean, of course, a step
counter, although a pedometer could
prove quite useful. But each day, your
step count is rewarded with play coins,
which can then be cashed in for in-game
perks, including free party revives in
Shinigami Tensei 4, or in the case of
The Sims, the kind of perks that
fundamentally break the natural game
progression. Still, I found it cool the
game plays coin integration still works.
Its street pass feature also works. If
you pass by other Sims players in the
real world, your 3DS will pick up their
Sims and move them into your town. like
in Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate, which I've
also been enjoying. Other players
hunters turn up in my village and I can
send them out on quests for me. This
segus nicely into one of the most
amazing things about the 3DS, which sets
it apart from any other system I've
played. You see, any games console with
reliance on network connectivity will
lose essential functionality at the end
of its generation. The moment it servers
go down, communication and interaction
with other players, as well as new
content delivery become nion impossible.
3DS might be the only system out there
that bucks this trend thanks to Street
Pass. You have the Street Pass Mi Plaza
games, and then you have all the regular
retail games with Street Pass
integration. The 3DS is technically dead
right now, yet you can still get new
quests in Monster Hunter and new
missions in Resident Evil. You can race
against other players ghosts in Mario
Kart or fight their ghosts in Dead or
Alive. You can visit other players
houses in Animal Crossing or check out
their secret bases in Pokémon. You can
get new towns folk and bravely default
or unlock exclusive content in Fire
Emblem or do all of the above and many
more. The little green blinking light
next to my game icons tells me that
there's a new challenge awaiting or new
content to unlock and it continues to
deliver thanks to Nintendo's genius idea
of putting game longevity in the hands
of the players.
What the what? Christina Aguilera.
Surprise. Countless games support the
feature in innovative ways, and all this
is possible without hacking the 3DS, as
long as you can encounter other 3DS
owners, be it friends or strangers on
the street or at a
convention. However, if you do possess a
hacked 3DS, a recent app called Net Pass
now enabled players to send and receive
street passes all around the globe. This
was the obvious next evolution of the
feature as 3DS ownership dwindled over
the years. But this cuts to the very
core of why the 3DS is so special. The
servers are dead. Yet, when you go to
the Mi Plaza, you have a daily rotation
of items which you can buy with vouchers
earned from the Mi Plaza games. Even now
in 2025, this still works the way it
always did. And the way the Plaza games
rely on you encountering other players
makes you want to go on and complete a
few daily tasks. Get your plants
watered, collect your puzzle pieces,
fight a few ghosts, build your army.
Because these are only possible with the
existence of other players. It makes
these seemingly trivial pursuits feel
more meaningful, like a team effort.
people all around the world helping you
complete your challenges. Likewise, it
very easily slips into your daily
routine because everything is so brief
and bite-size. Every day you go on, you
feel a little bit of progression. It's
the same way games like Animal Crossing
are built for you to easily hop on,
check out the new shop items, shake some
freshly grown fruit off the trees, dig
up a fossil or two, check for new
letters, attack your neighbors, then
leave it for another day. There's an
addictive loop of quick task, quick
reward combined with the artificial
limitation and fear of missing out.
For example, by limiting certain items
and abilities such as fortune cookies
and village developments, it makes you
come back on regularly so you don't miss
anything good or waste your
opportunities. Street Pass works in a
similar way with its coupon store. The
Badge Arcade did it, too. Sadly, the
Badge Arcade was shut down, but it was
such a cool idea. Rather than making you
purchase home screen decorations
directly, Nintendo used gamification, so
you had to actually win the badges from
playing a virtual claw machine. Because
you'd get one free play a day, many
players hopped on daily to see what new
badges were available each day and try
the luck at nabbing some for free. Even
games like the aforementioned Yo-kai
Watch have features built around this
idea. You have the Crank Akai Bull
Machine that lets you use play coins to
have a chance at winning a cool new
Yo-kai or some useful items. But it only
lets you use the machine a few times a
day and then it disappears and won't
reappear until the next real world day.
It teases you like the insert coin
screen on an arcade cabinet. Normally,
the obstruction is how much money you
have on you, but in the case of the 3DS,
the obstruction is the artificial daily
limit because you can't get everything
in one sitting. It has the ability to
hook you into incorporating the 3DS into
your daily routine. The 3DS seems to fit
within a timeline of Nintendo's history
where they still understood the joy of
locked content. Back on the Gamecube,
some of my fondest memories involved
unlocking new tracks in Mario Kart and
new fighters in Smash Bros., seeing a
new mystery challenger appear like an
adrenaline rush.
getting your shot at unlocking a new
awesome fighter. And if you failed,
you'd have to wait until later and hope
you would come back again. On the
Switch, both Mario Kart and Smash Bros.
have virtually all of the content
unlocked from the start, giving you
instant gratification, but long-term
disappointment. Maybe that's why I'm
enjoying the 3DS ones more, as while
there's still locked content, there's
another reason to keep going back on.
[Music]
There's no denying when it comes to
handhelds, the Vita was the right system
at the right time for me. I still adore
almost everything about it, especially
its premium production values and
pocketable design. But ultimately it
raises on detra was to be the first of
now many handhelds to consistently bring
current gen games to the portable space
which modern systems like the Switch and
the Steam Deck and countless Chinese
handhelds do with even greater success
arguably making Sony's portable diminish
in relevance with each passing
year. Nintendo's 3DS went in a
completely different direction. And now
with the benefit of hindsight, I
recognize that it still has a whole
bunch of unique selling points and a
rather unique games
library. You don't have stereoscopic 3D
and dual screen and Street Pass on other
platforms. You don't have native
backwards compatibility for the DS or
the 3DS on the Switch. In fact, the
retro virtual console games playable on
the Switch are essentially only
available as rentals via its monthly
subscription. In direct contrast, there
are no subscription services on the 3DS.
If you want a virtual console game, you
can buy it or download it and then you
own it. Plus, it's so pleasing to the
eyes to have your retro games
represented by 3D renders of the
consoles that they originally released
on. I just love how the home screen gets
filled with these detailed dynamic
representations compared to the stale
static tiles on every modern
console. So, in this last year, I've
discovered that I was completely wrong
about the 3DS. Not only is it a far
greater system than I ever gave it
credit for, but it has recently become
one of my favorite handhelds of all
time. Between its unique experiences,
functions, and a presentation that
cannot yet be faithfully emulated
anywhere else, it is quite honestly a
genius invention, an amalgamation of
innovative ideas, boatloads of charm,
passion, and reverence for Nintendo's
own history, and simply brilliant
execution that has resulted in an
ambitious and iconic system that feels
timeless. So timeless that it feels
brimming with life even
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
today. Surprise!
[Music]