Hey, hey everyone. Felix from Nintendo
Life here. And you may have missed this,
but this was actually revealed back when
they had the big Switch to Direct. And
yes, we have some games that will get a
paid upgrade like Breath of the Wild and
Tears of the Kingdom. But there's
actually 12 games as we know of right
now that are getting a free upgrade.
What does this include? We don't exactly
know. But I today am joined by Alex and
Ceon to talk about what these upgrades
could be. Free. I I feel like not a lot
of people talk about this. I feel like
it just flew by. At least it flew by my
radar and it's like what? Whoa. We have
12 games to talk about. The first one,
Alex, you'll have a lot to say about
this one cuz uh it's ARMS. Yes. Yes. You
wanted to lead with that. Is it in
alphabetical order? We will never know.
We will know if um if we write them all.
Um yes, arms. This is going to be an
interesting one. My gut reaction is that
it's just going to be simple, like
higher resolution, maybe 120 frames a
second. That'll be lovely. But aside
from that, unless there's some sort of
update whereby the the Joy-Con 2 can be
more accurate or something like that
with the twisting motion that you do cuz
you punch and twist it, you get it
curves around and
whoa. That's how you play arms. that
apart from that, that's the only sort of
like interesting thing I can think of. I
don't know what else they could do
really, you know. How's the frame rate
in AR? Sorry, I've not played the game
at all. It's perfect. Okay, so I imagine
we're probably going to look at 120
frames a second because it runs
beautifully on Switch. Yeah, with a game
like that, it would be nice to to just
have as much as possible. Uh those like
1 v one uh like Smash Bros. is not on
the list or spoilers, but you know,
stuff like that could also use a nice
free upgrade. It would be cool if
Nintendo kind of, you know, tries to
take a bunch of their classic games and
and see how many of them they can make
run 120 fps and then have kind of sort
of like I could see Nintendo releasing
like a graphic, you know, that's like
all of these games are supported at 120
fps on Nintendo Switch 2 and then it
claps or whatever, but
only it doesn't because they don't want
to do that.
But the um the only other thing that I
could see that would be interesting is
some sort of mouse mode control which
you know sort of instead of punching you
instead you push it forward and you can
guide it swiddly swoodly style. That
might not work. It might be a bit
convoluted but I could see them playing
around with it potentially. You know
just throwing it in as a freebie. But
another game that they just throwing in
as a freebie which personally I don't
have a lot of experience with this one.
It is brick brain academy brain versus
brain. So yes, these are in alphabetical
order. I actually didn't realize that
and this was I just took the list from
the website, but yes, sorry. Uh I gave
it all away. Have any of you guys played
this? Yeah, I played a little bit of
this when it first came out. I played
with uh one of my nephews too for a
little while and it was really cute and
it was a fun like it was a fun family
game. Like it it's definitely something
I think I would like if I was a parent I
would just have it on the shelf and see
if the kids would want to play it. I
can't really see how this game like
could really get any visual enhancement.
120 frames per second, right? Brain
versus brain combat. Uh I mean they
could just like upres the assets to 4K.
That would make it look a little bit
nicer, but the game definitely doesn't
need any sort of enhancements in that
regard. I think though, did we learn
that this is going to be one of the
games that is offered through the game
share feature where you can play two
people at the same time? Yes. Uh, that
is one of the games. So, it might just
be that they add this feature and that's
why it's like it's a free upgrade, but
it doesn't do anything else. I mean, I
wouldn't be surprised if it maybe ran at
a higher
resolution. Maybe. I don't know. you
know, it doesn't really with respect to
the game as much as it deserves. Um, I
don't really see any need to increase
the resolution, it's fine as it is, you
know. I don't know. Yeah, I think it's
probably I think it's probably this.
It's it's game share, isn't it? And the
next game I also feel like it's a game
that runs really well. Maybe it's also
cuz that's also one of the games that
has the game share added. And it's
Captain Toad Treasure Tracker. M Yeah, I
mean Captain Toad in 4K. Hey, they did a
VR version.
It seems like an obvious one, doesn't
it? Do we think that that some of these
upgrades also is 4K or do we just think
it is like just a better it just runs
better? Cuz I I I'm not sure. I feel
like they would charge for that just
like they do with Breath of the Wild,
right? And
well, and Tears of the Kingdom, they
come with other
enhancements, things. Yeah, it runs at a
higher resolution, a higher frame rate,
but it may be that some of the physics
were tied to the frame rate, so it
needed more work. There also bigger,
more substantial games. Uh there also um
higher resolution textures there now as
well, so it's not just a straight let's,
you know, sort of uncap the frame rate
and see how we go. Um which is what I
what I assume we're going to get with
some of these. What's weird though, too,
because Nintendo, right, has always just
decided to just they they pick and
choose. They have favorite children. Uh
you see this with Donkey Kong Country
Returns uh which released at what $59.99
US at least full retail and then Metroid
Prime Remastered was $20 cheaper uh than
than that. And Metroid Prime Remastered
as I feel like you would love to point
out, Alex, had a lot more work put into
it and they charged less. So it is going
to be interesting to see kind of what
updates Nintendo decides to let out for
free and what's what's in those updates.
But so I just I wouldn't be surprised if
something like Captain Toad does have 4K
now and that that'd be really nice.
Yeah, it would be nice like if in the
two player mode if you can like share it
out and then one player plays as one
player and the other one plays as
another cuz the two-player mode works
all right on a single system but the
camera like one like both people control
the camera. I can't quite remember but
the camera is is weird cuz you want to
be able to control the camera but when
you're two people it can be really
confusing at times. So, that would be a
quite a nice update in my humble
opinion. The next game is also a game
that would benefit a lot from the game
share feature, and it's Clubhouse Games
51 Worldwide Classics because uh there
there's actual games. I mean, they even
had like you could download an
additional app so people could play
certain games like poker, you know,
games where where you would be able to
you you don't want to be able to see
everyone's cards. So, I I felt like
Nintendo kind of did it with very very
select games before, you know. We also
had Pac-Man
versus also had the app and now it's
just like, yeah, we're bringing it to
more games. Personally, it I love the
feature on on the DS and and I've used
it a lot like Mario Party and especially
Mario Kart. Uh, you know, when you were
a kid, maybe one person had Mario Kart
and they could just share it with
everyone else at school. It was great.
When this was first announced as well, I
was kind of unsure if this was going to
be like a, you know, like how the the DS
had the DS download play like app or
this the section in the in the console
itself where you went to kind of go like
search for, you know, software to
download from either a a Nintendo like
relay unit or or from a friend. I think
Nintendo has confirmed now, correct me
if I'm wrong, that Nintendo's confirmed
that the games will be updated by a
case- by case basis and then they'll be
able to send out send out data or or
share online or however it ends up
being, but but it's the the games will
be updated themselves. There won't be a
download play option on your Switch,
too. It's not a systemwide thing or
anything like that. Yeah, I imagine
we'll see them on on the actual cases
also. Just this, you know, just like
download play on the DS, you would see
on the back like this supports up to
eight people. download play. Maybe
there's going to be something similar.
Next game is a game I actually forgot
was even a thing. It's Game Builder
Garage. Oh, Game Builder Garage, my
beloved. I don't know why they're doing
an update on this. Okay, I can Ah, no, I
know. I've just tweaked it. It uses the
IR camera in the game um as like one of
the nodes, one of the features. they are
going to need to disable that in order
to make it fully compatible. And there
may even be in like the I don't want to
say story mode, but like tutorial mode,
there may even be something where you
are required to use the infrared camera.
So, they'll need to uh kill that. If you
make a really complicated game in Game
Builder Garage, does it struggle to run
at all or is it just like Yeah. Did cuz
I know where some of you did some live
streams with it, like making some games
live. I personally don't have games. So
I can't to be honest I can't remember to
say sort of solidly one way or the other
but I imagine you could probably push it
to run. I mean it would be great. There
was always a hard limit on the number of
nodes you could include probably to stop
people from tanking the performance and
you know sort of making the game crash
or trying to use too much RAM or
something like that. So it's possible
that they're going to bump that up. I
don't know. Um, but it is it's kind of
pleasing because I I really like Game
Builder Garage and uh it's just nice to
see it acknowledged as much as anything.
So, the next game I would actually love
to to see run better. Well, it's not
that it runs bad. I would just love to
see it in in 4K 120 frames per second.
That's not how it is. It either 4K or
either 12 20 frames per second. But it's
um New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe. Now,
this is the only one. Like Mario Wonder
is not on here. It's only Mario Bros.
you Deluxe. What do you guys think about
this game? Because I know there's a lot
of mixed feelings. I hear some people
think it's a it's actually a really good
game. Other people's were just
completely burned out and don't care for
it at all. I didn't give it a chance at
all. So, I would definitely love to bow
out of this. I I can also take your spot
cuz I I did play it to through
completion and I've played it through
completion twice on two different
consoles. Nice. And it's fine. See, you
haven't even played it. It's It's I did
get it back in the day and I just fell
off immediately. But you guys know I
just I just don't like the new the new
look. So that's I'm I will say I really
like the game. I I will say it's
probably one of my favorite uh like
Mario Bros. games. I thought it was
great. Uh just cuz to me it was just an
improvement on on so much that Wii did
and I loved Wii and this was just like
oh now it looks a lot better and there's
new levels and new powerups and and of
course uh yeah I just I really like the
in the seamless world. I remember that
was really really cool going from Wii.
All in all, I think it would be nice to
to see this just uh even crisper on the
TV and maybe you can even game share it
so that you you know you can control one
character and and like I don't know. I
think that could be could be really
really great. But one game that could
really really two games we're being
cheeky here um but two games that could
really really use the upgraded Pokemon
Scarlet and Pokemon Violet two different
games. Yeah, they'll confirm that
they're getting a free free upgrade. I
feel like I'll finally be able to give
these games a chance. I've been wanting
to play them for a long time. I know a
lot of people still love them through
all of their flaws, but I I just Which
is insane. Well, I mean, hey, sometimes
when when you only have breads and beans
to eat, I beans. Sometimes it's all you
know. You just It's all you know
sometimes. I love beans and toast toast.
Actually, I love I love Pokémon Scarlet
and Violet then. If it can run stable
and actually look all right, I mean,
obviously it it's still going to like
all the the detail in the house is not
going to get fixed and all that, but if
it can just run stable, if the
characters don't pop in and pop out
whenever they they go like 3 m away,
that would be lovely. Imagine that video
game that actually runs. Wa, that's
crazy. Alex is like biting his tongue
over there almost. It looks like I But
so what's on your mind, Alex? What are
you thinking about? I think the problems
with Scarlet and Violet go far deeper
than performance. I think Oh, you don't
think it's gonna fix it? No. No. I think
that there are fundamental issues with
the way that the game is designed and
there are also some things that even
performance can't fix. Like I'm entering
a battle and now the camera is half
under the ground. I don't know what
stuff like that. Yeah, glitches. Very
true. But I feel like with performance
at least, you know, very quickly after
the game was out, you saw like people
had had moderated modded it and it just
ran perfectly on on PC and stuff and it
obviously Yeah, but it's just I I just
don't like playing the game for a number
of reasons and it's
performances definitely it drags the
experience down, but honestly, it ain't
just that. I think that fundamentally at
a core level it needs a big shakeup.
There's just a lot like the way that the
world is laid out. It's like you can go
almost anywhere straight away and it's
like oh can I are there any benefits to
it? Not really. Maybe you'll catch an
overlevel Pokémon but they kind of block
that out as well from what I remember.
Uh and fairly rightly so. But you know
scale the damn gyms depending on which
gyms you've done. I don't want to go
like I did what I thought was the first
gym. They don't they don't scale. No, I
thought I did the first gym, carried on,
did what I thought was the second,
third, fourth. Turns out I'd missed the
first gym and then I was just like, "Oh,
you got to go and do this." And it's
like, "Oh, okay." Went back and it's
just painfully easy. It would have been
a really interesting fight, maybe or a
vaguely interesting fight if I'd been
able to go back and it would have been a
challenge. But it wasn't because it was
the first damn gym. They looked at me
with my level 40s and my level 50s and
they're like, "I've got a level 18 to
show you, baby." I mean, I it is it is
still a kids game at the end of the day,
but I get what you mean. That it would
have been nice to see that scale cuz
it's not like
kids can't play that way. It would it
would still be just fine. Oh,
definitely. I I I mean, it's that it's
their first open world game. Obviously,
they're not going to get everything
right, but there was just so much wrong
with it. I had a hard time getting
immersed. I don't know if it was the
performance. I don't know if it was just
because there was no voice acting at
all. It's just like bing bing. I don't
know. It just felt very I couldn't get
immersed in the game. It was very very
hard for me. And I I I think my hope is
that if it just ran good, I could cuz I
know some people really love the game.
It sold bonkers. Like it was a very
popular game. It was just insane how
badly optimized it was. And hopefully
they fix that. But we still have more
games to talk about. Let's not get all
true and we we we have good games, great
games to talk about that we will not sit
here and criticize so much because yeah,
negativity, we have enough of that. So,
let's talk about Super Mario 3D World
and Bowser's Fury, which is Oo, you
played this one recently, didn't you?
Again, just to go check up on it. Yeah.
So, I've actually never really played
Bowser's Fury. I don't know. I just I
didn't really get into it. Uh and now I
wanted to go into it again and and
something was really weird. I was like,
"Wait, this one's horrible." And I was
playing it in handheld. It felt really
choppy. It's like, wait, this is 30 fps.
And sure, 30 fps can look great on in
Bowser's Fury. It looks I I can't it it
it feels so wrong. Then I put it on the
TV. Put it on the TV and it just wa It
runs so good. What's going on? Turns out
in handheld it just halves the frame
rate, which I imagine it's is something
that in the new update it can just
always run good if it's in handheld or
in docked. I don't know a lot of games
that do that. I was really I didn't
really know that was a thing even that
it would just run at a half frame rate.
This is one that on on the website they
also confirmed this is going to be a
game share games. Uh you can do it
online or locally uh with game chat. So
that's awesome. I'm nervous that all the
update will be for this is just that uh
that it won't have a resolution boost or
something. But if Nintendo can just
unlock the frame or just just enhance
the frames a little bit, that would be
that would be enough. I I I imagine it
would be at least 60 frames a second on
handheld. And you can share this clip
back at me if it turns out to be wrong,
but I think it because they they already
have the 60 frames a second version
mode. They already have that there. It's
baked in. All they need to do is just
say do this one when you run in this one
when you're on handheld. It's easy. It's
the easiest fix in the world. And and
this this is only for Bowser's Fury, by
the way, not 3D World. This is just 3D
World is 16 both. Yeah. But I imagine
also GameS Share is going to be a thing.
You know, you can just say to a friend,
hey, do do you want to play as Bowser
Junior? And they can go no. And then you
can play 3D World. Um but no, I mean
Bowser Fury, it seems really fun. Like a
lot of people have speculated that that
will be the next like the next Mario
game. will just be completely open world
and that is what we kind of see. There's
just a little open world with different
islands which you can go to seamlessly
and all that. I mean it really like
Sonic Frontiers. Oh my god, I still like
Sonic Frontiers. But talking about
Mario, Super Mario specifically, why
don't we talk about another game which
is also getting a free boost which is a
game that runs to me it just runs
perfectly on Switch. It's Super Mario
Odyssey. on the Switch. It It does start
to look like it has aged a little bit
with the jagged edges and stuff, but it
looks great. It holds up so great to
today. I know the first area I'm going
to test. What is that? The very first
area I'm going to test is when you enter
New Donk City, you get off the Odyssey,
you go down that
wire, you go down that is where you see
frame drops. I've used that as a um I
used that as a test to test whether the
OLED was any more powerful even remotely
than the original Switch when it first
came out and had a lot of comments going
obviously it's the same and it's like oh
yeah but I'm just checking you know
chill out a lot of people got angry at
that and it's like I'm just checking I
wasn't certain it was going to be better
but now we know the reason maybe I I
thought it ran perfectly I I think this
was before the time that I I you know I
feel like it is just a point in your
life where suddenly oh frame rates
matter now. It's like some people they
never reach that point. They they they
can't tell the difference like oh I
guess this runs better but but they
can't really tell. So this was before I
I didn't see frame rates. I it was just
hey this runs great you know. Uh and
your frontal lobe must be finally fully
developed. Felix I mean I was 15 when I
played it so it wasn't full. Of course.
Sure. Of course you were. Yeah.
[Laughter]
Oh, but uh but but
but I I I would love to see this game
like really crisp 4K. Like I I would pay
for an upgrade for this game cuz Oh my
god. Yeah, you'd go back collect some
collect some moons. I I have actually
got a little bit back. I played some
here the other day just because it had
been so long. Um, I was on a podcast
where we did like a retro review of of
Mario Odyssey and I just had to get
familiar and it's just oh, it is still
just one of the very best games ever
made. But the next game, let's do a hard
mode. That would be great. Game's too
easy. It's not that. That's just Luigi's
Balloon World if you play it right.
That's true. Yeah,
every moon is a custom moon in hard
mode. They've all been placed by Video
Game Dunkey.
But this next game could could really
produce a frame rate update because it
is The Legend of Zelda Echoes of Wisdom
and and C is always he's way ahead of
us. He has it right there. Oh my god.
I'm ready the day that it gets up
updated. Popping it in the Switch, too.
We're not ignoring the when it comes to
this. This isn't in alphabetical order.
Well, actually, uh the series starts
with a Z for Zelda.
That's what my mom says. I didn't make
this list. Listen, I'm just I'm just
reading up a list which was on on the
website. If you want to blame anyone,
blame Gavin or Nintendo cuz he maybe
just took it from Nintendo. This is
really exciting though cuz there's with
these updates, there's no assuming that
it's a game share cuz it's not it's not
one of the games that is said game
share. So, this is just Yeah, hopefully
it just runs better because the game
really deserves it. It is really a shame
that you go to, you know, that you go to
the big open world and just starts
chugging and stuff like that because
it's a gorgeous game. Even if the
resolution doesn't get a boost, like
just having having that solid frame rate
would be really nice. I think this was
probably one of the games that also made
me realize what frame rate was as well
or or how much bad frame rate could
affect uh gameplay cuz it was just it
was it was frustrating like moving from
area to area and Links Awakening and and
to see that carried forward into Echoes
of Wisdom, you know, like I thought
Grezo the developers would have kind of
I don't know been able to work it out
with Nintendo and and make Echoes of
Wisdom run a bit smoother, but no, it's
just they're just having a tough time
out there. See, but one game I do want
to play, which is the last game. See, I
briefly mentioned it, but it's The
Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening, which
is also getting an upgrade. And that
game also had some frame rate issues. Uh
I felt like it was more apparent in that
one if I I can't remember. I haven't
played it a lot. And that's it. It was
more kind of um bookended in a way. It
would usually start when you
transitioned between screens and it
would go and then catch up and be 60
again, presumably loading something.
thing. I'm pretty sure that was the
case. Or I don't know. Unloading
something from RAM. I don't know. I'm
not a developer. I did not make Link's
Awakening. But yeah, I know. I know.
Both are definitely affected. And I
would actually agree that it's more
obvious in Link's Awakening just because
there's that big screen transition.
Arguably, I think it's worse performance
in Echo of
Wisdom just because it happens more
often and it's less predictable and
stuff like that. I think it's going to
be great to see both of them. I'll
probably end up playing Link's Awakening
maybe again. I did it not that long ago,
but you can you can wang that sucker out
in an in an afternoon. Uh which I don't
know. It's got her hero mode or
something like that as well. It's got
that hard mode for you, I think. Oh,
yeah. Sorry, that's just how I play it.
I was like, that's a hard mode. Oh,
yeah. Yeah. I really want to give this
game a proper shot now that I also cuz
cuz I went into this and thought, oh,
this is just like a modern take on an
old game. And no, it's just an old game
with a new league of paint essentially.
You know, it still feels really old and
I got really surprised about that and
had a really tough time with the game.
And I think if I go back to it and just
have the mindset, this is just like when
I play Ocarine of Time on Major's Mask,
I'll have a much better time with it cuz
there was really some some instances was
just like, man, this just feels really
old and my brain can't having a hard
time because it looks really good. The
music is like everything feels so new,
but like you only have what? Six
different directions. Eight. Oh my god.
What? Eight different directions. Wild.
Can you imagine having only six
directions?
You can go up, down, left, right,
diagonally left, and diagonally down
right, but you can't do the other two.
My My Game Boy is broken. I still can't
believe that a a Game Boy game, an
original Game Boy game, got a full from
the ground up remake for the Nintendo
Switch. That's uh like I guess it's not
the first instance of that either, but
just really cool. I I love it when you
know sort of you get this old game
design um come forward because I'm an
old man who likes that. Um particularly
given um Oblivion. I played that last
night, the remaster, and oh my word, I
love and I don't want to get too
sidetracked, but the jank is still
there. It's all still there. You can
crouch and you can sneak by that rat
that cannot be aggroed. And you can get
your sneak up to 100 before you even
leave the serer. And I love the fact
that they kept that in. I I would not
have any other chance to say that in a
video. I had to get it out now. I look
forward to 30 years down the road and
seeing what Alex refers to himself as
then. If you're referring to yourself
now as an old man, spring chicken by
that point, I reckon I reckon he'll go
full circle. But you do know what what
ends is this video because we've we've
reached the end of the list. That was
all 12 games that are getting a free
update. Did you know about these games?
Is this old news? And what are some
games that you wish would get a free
upgrade all the Nintendo Switch 2? Well,
let us know down in the comments below.
If you enjoyed this video, why don't you
sneak just as Alex has. He sneaked away.
Sneak and and press that subscribe
button. Okay, he's back. His sneak is
too high. It's too high, everyone. And
yeah, thank you. Thank you all so much
for watching. We'll see you in the next
one. Felix from Nintendo Life out. Stop
right there. Criminal SC.
Metroid Primary Remastered. Switch to
please. Metroid Dread Ultimate.
Ultimator. Hey, ultimatum. Play it or
don't.