Nintendo just released a big Switch OS
update, firmware
20.0, and it seems to be the big update
to get us ready for Switch 2. Are you
excited? Yes, we are one step closer to
the Switch 2. That is absolutely the
feeling that I got after this and I was
scrolling through the patch notes that
they put out and thought, "Oh, there's
there's actually a lot in this." And
obviously, uh, Nintendo had kind of
given themselves this deadline of the
end of the month to roll out this
virtual game card feature, and they did,
but there's a lot of other cool stuff in
there, too. So, it's fun to poke around.
Yes, we're going to dig through this
pretty big update and go through all the
little details. There might be a few
things in here that you may not have
realized was in here. Um, and yeah, it's
exciting to see that we are getting
stuff ready on our switch ones for the
eventual transfer. If you're getting a
switch two for the eventual transfer to
switch two. So, yeah, it just means
we're getting closer, I guess. But first
big update is the Switch home screen.
Yeah. Bam. Right out of the gate, you
can see there's a whole bunch more icons
that are on that bottom row. And a lot
of those same icons that if you look at
the Switch 2 home menu, oh, now the two
look actually quite similar, right?
Because they have added uh the game
share icon, which is the one kind of
right there in the middle with those
like data waves line things feeding into
it. And then the virtual game cards is a
little bit more on the right, the little
game card with the arrow on it. So now
that now the two oss look quite similar,
right? Right. And of course, those are
the two big features that Nintendo has
been talking about for Switch 2. It's
good that there's sort of some
interconnectivity between the two in
case you got friends that haven't quite
switched over yet. Um, you can still
share your games, and yeah, that that's
pretty nice. Yeah. So, there's four big
things that, well, I don't know if we
can call them all big, but four things
in here that we want to talk about. the
virtual game cards, the game sharing,
what they added for the system transfer
to the Switch 2, and then also a little
a little behind thescenes work they did
to the eShop as well that we want to
check out. But let's start talking about
these virtual game cards, which I know
when when the Nintendo Direct happened
at the end of March, you seem to be a
little confused about what these are.
So, I I'm just curious about your your
your level of understanding of this now
because I'll admit it is a complicated
feature. So I think it's like we can
talk through this ourselves and try and
come to grips with what exactly this is.
Yeah. On the surface I was actually
really excited about this feature and
you know you and
I literally you and I um would be will
be using this feature I think a lot
because before we would have you know
for a game that maybe one person just
wanted to dabble a little bit and one
person had um this is a great feature
for us but there is a lot of fine print.
It really is. And that is where I
started to get a little bit confused
because again, on the surface, it sounds
great. Sounds like a a cool thing for
you to have with your friends, being
able to share games virtually, but I I
do want to go through the fine print
because I still just want to make sure
that I'm completely clear on how this
feature works. Yeah. And um and it's a
case where even the fine print has its
own fine print. So, good. I think the
best thing to do honestly is like if you
still have questions like just try it
out for yourself and see what you can
and can't do because your your eyes
could get loopy like reading all of the
wait oh wait oh I have to do that oh
wait no it works this way oh because
there's just so much of that oh my gosh
what kind of games can you share with me
today but
basically it dep depends on what I want
to share um it basically allows for
sharing of digital games the same way
that you would with a physical game I
thought they had a nice little graphic
for it in the Nintendo Direct in that
little trailer that they had where you
see the virtual game pop out of the
system of one and then like and go right
into the others. Um, so on on the
surface it's like, oh well that's a
that's a nice feature that adds some
cool convenience to it. But yeah, let's
go through the specifics of how it works
and see if we can make sense of this. So
you can share a game. You can share a
game for 14 days, at which point it gets
returned to you. Uh I do believe if you
want it back sooner than 14 days, you as
the owner, you can hit a button and do
that. Uh once the game is shared, it's
off of your system. So if I share a game
with you, I don't have access to it
anymore. You cannot play it while I have
it. Right? Like a game card, there's
only one thing that's getting passed
around both ways. And if you need the
game for a lot of people are like,
"Well, what if it's a really long game
and I need it for more than 14 days." I
I believe you can reshare it. Yeah. For
another 14 days. You do it in 14-day
increments, right? And your save data as
the recipient lo the looney or the
loner. Oh, no. I don't know. But the
person Yes. You you you make new save
data and that save data stays on your
system. Yes. Even if you give the game
back. So that's nice. Um, you can only
do one game at a time with a person. I
can't loan out my whole library to you,
unfortunately. And you can do this with
up to three systems at a time. So, some
basic limitations there. Um, you know,
they want people focused on an
individual game at a time. That's fine.
So, you have to be part of the same
Nintendo Switch family group. This is
the area where I was a little bummed out
by because we do have a wonderful
thriving community that this feature
would actually be pretty awesome to use.
Um, but unfortunately it is limited to
your Switch family group which I I
believe is also has a limited number of
people that you can put into it, right?
And then there's also this other point
that I've seen people talking about. I
haven't had a chance to to try this
feature myself yet, unfortunately. But
people are saying you it's saying you
need to be in close proximity of
somebody else to do the shares. So this
does really narrow down the potential
use case of this, but I can understand
why they did it. It's like, look, this
is not the public library. This is not
and I I you can imagine all sorts of
scenarios. Somebody, oh, I'm running a
game rental business off of my Switch.
Pay me however much. I'll let you borrow
my games. Like I I can just imagine the
economy the economy around game share
all of these scenarios that Nintendo
must have thought of like oh well we
have to draw the line at this or if
somebody does this that's not a scenario
that we want. So they've put some guard
rails on this but I think the being in
close proximity stuff like it kind of
hurts the point of the family. It's like
well what if my brother is on the other
side of the country? That's the that's
the thing. Yeah. Then you kind of can't
do that. So that's that's a bit of a
bummer. So, how are you feeling now
after going through some of this fine
print? It's cool, but not as cool as I
thought. Definitely. Um I I really
thought, you know, when I first saw
this, I was like, "Oh, great. We can
have like sort of a kitten Christa, you
know, sharing kind of community. We can
all share games. That's going to be
cool." Um, but yeah, it's a little bit
more limited than I thought. Good thing
you and I are in close proximity and are
part of the same family group. I I do
think you're probably the person that
I'll be sharing games with the most. Um
you look like you don't want to, but
whatever. I don't care. Uh so I I I hope
that people at least have a few friends
sort of that meet this criteria that
they they can, you know, use this
feature with because it's a nice
feature. And and the other thing that's
really cool about this is that the DL
DLC can also be shared. Yes. That's like
a standalone thing. So if if you have
the game but not the DLC, that can be
shared. So there is some some
flexibility with that. Um in if you go
into that new menu that they added, you
can see your whole library Yeah. of all
your stuff. And it said that I had like
489 individual things. Please share
those with me. And I was a little bit
confused of like, oh, you need to load
this or load that to have it appear on
your home screen. It's like, well, I
already had the stuff that was on my
system on my home screen. So again,
that's that's one of those things where
it's like I just need to spend a bit
more time actually poking around in it,
clicking through it to see what it
actually does because I I mean I already
had a full system with with stuff on it.
Not everything. Uh I can't fit 480
something pieces on there, but yeah,
there was stuff was already there. So,
something people have been talking about
and lamenting is that there was
previously another way that was a little
bit under the radar, but that Nintendo
did talk about on their support page for
some time, a way to share a game with
two systems that were both online at the
same time. And again, like it's a pretty
specific use case, so it's not something
that everybody needed to do. And and
honestly, I don't know if you ever did
this. I I didn't never do this. I never
did this. Yeah. It was more more so like
I feel like it wasn't really like a
consumerfacing feature that they were
talking about. It was for like a very
specific kind of situation that you may
find yourself in. Yeah. But there was a
way to do that and it seems that now
with this update that that is no longer
available. So there are some people who
are upset saying like oh that actually
worked perfectly for my use case and
this is not quite as good. So I have
seen some chatter about that.
So I think just to to wrap up our
discussion on this feature, I I am
curious to ask like why do you think
they added this feature in the first
place? They want people to buy
games. Why are they adding this feature
where maybe you now don't need to buy a
game? Yeah, I think this is all a bigger
picture thing in their strategy of this
long-term thing they have to do now to
move this like mass audience that is on
switch one to switch two. We've talked
about this transition endlessly and
there's lots of different ways you can
do that, but one thing is is pretty
certain for Nintendo is this is going to
take some time. Um, this is not going to
be like overnight June fli, you know,
5th, flip the Switch, 150 million people
are going to be playing Switch 2. So, I
do think that this is a way for them to
kind of keep the Switch One player base
active. like some people might need a
little bit more time to move over to
Switch 2. This way they still feel like
they're sort of part of the bigger
ecosystem. Um and and then slowly
Nintendo can like incentivize them to
move over. So I do think that's the
first step and they do show a lot of
this like interconnectivity between
Switch One and Switch 2 to kind of like
prove that point. Yeah. Yeah. And I
think it's it's a positive for them to
have people who aren't yet moving over
to a Switch 2 to keep playing their
Switch cuz that's probably the one of
the best things that you could do to
make people want a Switch of like, "Oh,
I'm playing these Nintendo games. I'm
enjoying these Nintendo games, but I
know there's this bigger thing, this
newer thing that I can aspire to and and
hopefully get to." And it's like, you
know, Doug Bowser said in his own words,
"And not everybody can afford a Switch
to Doug. Everybody's got different
reasons uh for for making the decision
of when they want to move over, but you
know, they've touted that so much. Oh,
so many people are still playing. Over
100 million people are still playing.
They want to keep that number high
because they know that's going to be an
incentive for people to move over. I
think it's also for them having people
buy digital games is best case scenario.
It's really profitable for them. They
make the most money on that. They don't
have they don't have to create a
physical thing. They don't have to put
it on a piece of memory. They don't have
to ship it out. They don't have to deal
with a retailer who's taken a cut. They
they get it all themselves, right? So,
this does make a digital game more
appealing a little bit more appealing
than it was before. So, some people who
are on the fence of like, well, I don't
know what to do. Um, yeah, just just
just get it digital. You can share it
with your friend. Don't worry about it.
Just buy it. Exactly. I think this is
also like a big push for them. And
they've been doing like slowly doing I
don't think they're going to be like
ever, you know, digital only. They're
definitely going to still have physical
carts and physical games. Um, that's an
important thing for them. But they do
want to incentivize you where you can
where they can to have people that are
sort of on the fence about whether to
choose digital or physical to choose
digital because it is way more
profitable for them. So that is, you
know, that's why they had a big push
behind the eShop. That's why they're
doing such, you know, so much more
around, you know, digital this digital
game share stuff. later on there's going
to be, you know, we're gonna be talking
about virtual game cards, all that
stuff. You know, that that is um a thing
that they know that they can make a lot
of money off of us. Yeah. So, yeah. So,
that's a feature we'll be spending some
time with when we get back together. Uh,
game share is the next feature. And this
is this is really a tease because
there's actually nothing that you can do
with this feature now, but in the
future, this is going to be basically
like the Nintendo DS download play for
people who remember that where one
person who has a game can kind of beam
some the just the right amount of data
for other people on another system to
play that with them. And it's only going
to work for supported games. Clubhouse
game was the big example that they were
touting in the Nintendo Direct when they
were showing this off. And I do wonder
in the future how many games are going
to support this because it it's a little
bit of extra work for the developer. But
for multiplayer, I mean DS download play
was a really nice feature. So I I hope
we used it a lot. I hope that they overd
deliver on that. But the way it works is
the game share must be initiated from a
switch too. So again, right now you have
the button on your system, but there's
no switch two out there to actually give
you the data. So now you can you can you
can tap it. You can look longingly at
it. I press the button to say receive
from Switch 2, and it kind of There's no
Switch 2 to receive from. There was no
Switch 2 in my proximity. So I I did
nothing with it. Oh well. I do remember
a cool feature that people that Nintendo
did back in the DS download play days
was that you could beam it from like if
you were at a store that had a Switch 2
or a DS, you could beam the game from
the store and test out a demo that way.
That was a pretty cool feature.
This is a cool feature. Um, again, this
is, you know, a thing where if you have
someone in your circle that has a Switch
2, this is a great showcase of like,
"Wow, look at the brand new shiny fancy
thing." And if you're on a Switch One,
maybe this will incentivize you to move
over, but it also makes it so it's easy
for you to, you know, play a multiplayer
game that you don't have with someone in
your friend circle, which is a nice it's
a nice thing. Yeah. Um I do wonder like
you were saying, you know, they they
sort of touted Clubhouse Games as the
big example for this. I do wonder what
caliber of game will be getting this
feature because obviously, you know,
they have to balance that with while
this game is is a little too premium for
us to put on a game share. You're you're
going to have to pay $80 for that to
play it. Or who knows, maybe there's
games that technically like, oh, this
game is so fast, like it's not going to
be a good We don't know yet. We don't
know. Yeah. Does Mario Kart World have
game share
or do you have to pay, you know, $80 for
for just Well, we're all going to be
paying $80. I paid $50.
Good for you. I paid $50. You keep
telling yourself that. Uh the switch to
system transfer is the next feature. And
this is buried a little bit. This is if
you go into the system settings and then
the system um menu, you can find this
kind of down at the bottom. And there's
a couple different things that you can
do. Some of which are interesting. I'm
not sure one of these things that we
knew you'd be able to do this before.
Yeah. So, they they do just have the
hey, if you have both systems, hit this
button and and the share will happen. We
we've all done that before. Will tiny
Pikmin come and carry my data? I mean,
we can we can dream that the Tiny Pikmin
will be better. That's my that's my only
my only time where I like the Pikmin
car. You said that they have uh cooked
up an efficient way to do this, which I
I hope is true because I I remember some
truly harrowing moments doing this on on
different 3DS systems. But I the Switch
the Switch take on this has been a lot
better. I will admit. I'm always
terrified every time. Well, if you want
to get a little bit more terrified, you
can try this new feature. This one I was
like, "No way." So now there is, you
know, they they have envisioned
scenarios where people are going to be
selling their Switch before they get the
Switch 2. Maybe they need the money to
buy a Switch to the tradein stuff. Yeah.
GameStop was really talking about how
much money you get for the trade in. So
this is a feature you can literally do
right now, which is you can upload your
data to the cloud and have it waiting
for you to download when you finally get
your Switch 2. I was buttoning through
this this morning. I came dangerously
close. I was like, "Oh, no." I'm like
right at the moment. I like, "No, no,
no, no, no. Get me out of here. I'm
terrified." Ah, bail out. Yeah, bail
out. Oh my gosh. But you can do this
now. It will be safely in the cloud.
Will it? It looks like you can you can
set an expiration date for up to one
year. And yeah, we got some images of
this. It goes to the server. That's kind
of the the middle ground for it. And
then eventually when you've got your
Switch 2, you can have it go there. What
is your confidence? What is your
confidence level in doing this? And we
should say after you do this, your
switch is wiped. Oh, I have. It's like a
factory reset. Will you be doing this?
No. No. Why would I do this? A terrible
scary prospect. I don't know if it's
terrible. I mean, it could be useful,
but hopefully it works. Um, I am pretty
nervous about this one. I mean, maybe it
works. Maybe I'm just not, you know,
technologically savvy savvy enough to
understand the back end of how this
works that to to give me that
confidence. But on the surface,
especially with Nintendo stuff and
Nintendo servers, I'm like not very
trusting of something like this. I can
only imagine a a variety of scenarios
where like what if the server goes down
and you can't get your stuff back? What
if someone hacks the server and then
like deletes all your stuff? Like I
don't know. Does that is that possible?
Is that a possibility? My mind is racing
Anything is possible. My mind is racing.
Anything is possible. Jeez. So I I mean
I'm not trading in so I'm I'm I'm going
to not do this. Well, so so to the point
of tradeins, GameStop did say that they
were running this program where you
could do this. And I know we had a few
people in our community talk to their
GameStop about, hey, how how exactly is
this going to work? and a lot and most
of them came back saying we don't know.
So maybe this is the intended use and I
don't I don't know how GameStop's going
to space it out if you're if you're
buying from them where I don't know if
it's like hey you need to have done this
beforehand or or hey you can do this
from the store. I don't know if they
want people squatting in the store for
however long it takes to upload. Ah, I
wonder about that. But I don't know. May
maybe we will be learning more about
that soon. If you are buying from
GameStop and if you intend to trade kind
of how that sequence of events will work
to officially get your switch to I hope
they don't force you to do this thing
though. This like upload to the cloud
upload to Well, how else are you going
to do it? I hope they let you do it in
the store with your system and then just
hand them your your, you know, Well,
hopefully they give you a tiny folding
chair because it could take a while.
Hopefully you bring your own tiny
folding. This could take a while. I
don't know. Yeah. I mean, it could take
a while, but I think it's safer
than, you know, putting it out there and
then like giving yourself a deadline and
then wiping your entire system and then
hope hoping it works. Christa's Krista's
calling in from her Amish community
today cuz she doesn't trust technology.
This is nerve-racking. She's very
excited for the switch, too. We're
moving on to something very exciting.
The eShop is now red. Oh my gosh.
Breaking news. The eShop is now red. I
repeat, the eShop is red. ESHOP had been
orange. Orange for a long time since the
3DS. Since its conception in the early
2010s, it is now red. Thoughts on this?
Fine. Fine. You don't care. I don't
care. Uh, it does look slightly ominous.
The color of red. You think it's scary?
I mean, Nintendo is red. The wipes of
red go back and forth. It's like, oh,
okay. Blood splirt.
Ultimately, ultimately, who cares? But
we do have to pull one out for our tiny
orange u an anamorphic whatever the word
is. Uh bag friend who we our bag friend
we will know goodbye forever. Well bag
friend is still there just white now.
Well white on red. Our bag friend had
actually been gone for a while but in in
orange form we sh seeing it ever again.
A bag friend. I bag friend. Some people
have claimed that after this update the
ehop loads a little bit faster. And I
checked this out for myself. I don't
know, guys. That initial that initial
screen where it is kind of swiping back
and forth, I thought, well, maybe that
was a tiny bit faster, but as I was
going through the actual eShop itself, I
didn't really see a difference. So, this
is not something effect. This is not
something that Nintendo is touting. I
don't know. Maybe Digital Foundry will
have a 2-hour video. Uh, stop watching
them going through the eShop. But for
now, I'm like I I don't really know. I
really think it's placebo. It's like
it's quite possible. It's like this this
is here, hold this rock. This rock will
will make sure you don't get attacked by
a bear. Yes, this rock will change your
life. This rock will change your life.
Uh high hopes that the switch to ehop uh
will run great, but that has nothing
that has nothing to do with this update
that we're talking about here. Right.
Right. I think I think so. Finally. Oh
my gosh. File this under miscellaneous.
Uh many player icons have been updated.
most notably Donkey Kong, who now has
been updated to his new look, his new
design in both 3D form and the 2D
handdrawn icons. Yes, the 2D The 2D
version doesn't look that different, I
will say. I'm like very closely looking.
How angular are his eyebrows is really
the only difference. Yes, he looks a
little menacing in the 2D version. In
the in the old style, in the new one, he
looks friendly. There's some other like
look at this this blue Pikmin that has
fallen down now. You can better see him.
His face crashing eyes. Yeah. Um, yellow
Pikmin's head is a little higher up.
What if we What is the difference
between the two question blocks? Your
face is getting very close to the
screen. This is like the Highlights
magazine. Like the difference. The shade
of yellow is slightly shade of yellow.
It's slightly different. Yeah, some of
these are more subtle than others. But
look at look at the eyes. Look at
Luigi's eyes. I could stare into Luigi's
eyes all day now. A his expression is is
just gorge. I love it. Yeah. Mario.
Yeah. Less shadowy from the hat. Yes,
Yoshi is very cute. The different green.
As a true narcissist, my player icon is
my me and I don't plan to change it
anytime soon. Oh, yeah. Mine is
definitely my me. This means nothing to
me. But interesting stuff. So, there you
have it. Pretty big update. More than we
expected. But again, most importantly,
it feels like, oh, we're getting so
close. We're we're about we're just
about like a month away now. So, it's
like it's like, oh, we're getting
tantalizingly close. I like we're
getting close. The transitions are
slowly happening. You know, Nintendo is
definitely slowly transitioning us.
They're kind of doing this like double
thing with the Switch One and Switch 2.
So, we'll probably be seeing this kind
of stuff for a little while um as we get
closer. Yeah, we're both we've both been
so curious about what the month of May
is going to feel like because April was
just a wild ride um of so many things
that happened. May could be a little bit
lighter as we approach June 5th. Um, you
know, more things could happen in May.
Who knows? Uh, but yes, it does feel
like we're getting tantalizingly close
to the launch of Switch 2, which is very
exciting. All right, there you have it.
Big up. There you have it. Hopefully
you, if you have a Switch one, you have
downloaded um your firmware update. Tell
us in the comments how many
things you have in your system. Do you
have more than me? Kit has how many? 48.
89, I think. Okay. I haven't checked
mine yet, but see if you can beat Kit.
Let us know in the comments how many
things you have. Um, all right. We're
going to wrap this video up and see you
guys later. Bye bye.
[Music]
[Music]