What's up, guys? Welcome back to
Newsweave. Absolute chaos broke out the
other night when people went to try to
order the the Switch 2. Websites were
failing. Nintendo had to issue a
statement saying they they might not be
able to deliver all of their own systems
on release. And now we have some
analysts looking at what could be in
front of us as the biggest launch we've
ever seen in gaming history. So, a lot
to go over. We're going to do that here
today. Also, we are going to be talking
about Sony because they've made kind of
a strange move with PlayStation Plus
with firstparty games coming off the
board making some wonder if those
franchises are actually poised for a
return. And then Claire obscure
Expedition 33 launched the other day.
And mostly I was just trying to find a
way to put it in for the show with some
kind of story because the game's really
good and more people should know about
it. All of that and more. Guys, if you
enjoy these videos, make sure you hit
that like button. Helps out a ton. And
if new here to the Spawnwave channel,
make sure you subscribe down below. And
of course, members for the channel do
get newswave early. If you would like to
learn more about that, click the join
button or the link in the description
down below. We're going to start today
with Madden 26 and College Football 26,
as we did indeed get release dates for
both. We can see this posted up. Uh this
is over on Polygon saying EA announced
Thursday that this year's iteration of
the franchise, formerly known as NCAA
Football, would be released July 10th on
PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X. It
would be followed on August 14th by
Madden, which will be available on, get
this, Nintendo Switch 2, Windows PC, as
well as PS5 and Xbox Series X. That's
right. Not only is it making its debut
here on Nintendo's new platform, but
also just platform for really since the
Wii U. It's also leaving behind the PS4
and the Xbox One, finally cutting out
the last generation devices, which is is
something people have been waiting for
for a while. one to cut down on just the
number of systems they're developing
for, but also to leave behind things
like the mechanical hard drive, some of
the limitations of it was really 2013
hardware right when it when it came out.
So, interesting stuff there. Again, you
can look towards those as we work
through the summer. And I guess
apparently they'll kind of be linked
together as there's even a massive like
release they're going to do for both
versions of the game all at once, but
it's EA, so not not really surprising
there. Also, we typically see what
happens with the publishers and these
fan projects. Usually, they get shut
down pretty quickly, sometimes quite
violently. But in this case, it looks
like the team who was working on Sky
Oblivion, Bethesda, went a different
route. We can see this posted up. This
is over on Twitter X. Many of you sent
me this story, by the way, because it it
it is so different from what we usually
see, but actually pretty cool. Say huge
thanks to our friends Bethesda Studios
for their continued support of Sky
Oblivion. As Massive fans, we're beyond
grateful for the generous gift of
Oblivion Remastered game keys for our
entire modding team. This means so much
to us. Thank you for everything
Bethesda. If you aren't aware, Sky
Oblivion is sort of a volunteer project
where people are team is taking Oblivion
and reworking it into like Skyrim's
engine and in the game itself, that
setup. So yeah, kind a little bit kind
of what we saw. Basically remastering
Oblivion to a degree and fixing some of
the gameplay stuff and just making a
whole new version of the game while
staying true to like the original, which
yes is what we just saw again with
Oblivion remastered. Really cool though
to see Bethesda go a different route
than, as I mentioned, what we've seen
before, which is usually just cease and
desist and all kinds of crazy litigation
until the team goes, "We're not really
getting paid for this. We're just
volunteering, so we're just going to
shut all this down." instead. Yes,
Oblivion Remastered comes out and Sky
Oblivion still coming out. In fact, they
mentioned Bethesda shows no intention of
shutting it down. So, really cool move
there by Bethesda even sending out keys.
So, uh hey, good stuff there all around
though for Oblivion fans, but you're
going to basically get two different
versions of the game here. Oh, and
here's a really cool launch title to
look forward to for the Switch, too.
It's coming from Shinnen, who did Fast
RMX when the Switch came out back in
2017. And of course, they're returning.
can see this posted up with Fast Fusion.
And get this, it looks like it's going
to be roughly
$15. Okay, so the game itself, if you're
unaware of like Fast RMX, kind of like
that F-Zero style game, but it looks
super sharp, even even on the original
Switch, the current one back in 2017.
And in this case, they're leverage 4K
visuals, higher fidelity, and super fast
racing gameplay with Fast Fusion. And at
15 bucks, I mean, that's that's a pretty
good deal. So, this is actually one of
the games that I'm really looking
forward to on the Switch 2, and I'll be
picking it up immediately off of the
eShop. One, it'll be a good way to kind
of test out the eShop in general with
the navigation, and two, it just looks
like a blast. And guys, with some of the
quick news out of the way, let's get
into the bigger stuff. Let's start right
away with the Switch 2 pre-order debacle
that happened. I mean, just chaos
breaking out. It was disastrous. As
midnight Eastern time had ticked over
and everyone was trying to rush to
different websites to throw these
systems in their cart and check out,
people quickly realized that it just it
just wasn't working. Now, some I did
notice actually went through right away.
But the vast majority of people ran into
all kinds of problems to where you were
on a page, you didn't know if it was
working. It was like, "Oh, you're in
line." Like Walmart, we have your spot
in line. Don't move. Basically, don't
refresh this page. But it looked like
the page wasn't moving, so you weren't
sure. Best Buy was kind of the same
thing, but they didn't go live until I
think
12:30 a.m. Eastern time. So, a bit of a
delay there for them. Target was just
broken. It felt like even if you got the
system into your cart, it wasn't
checking out correctly. And I just saw a
bunch of people streaming at that time,
just losing their mind, freaking out
trying to get one of these systems
secured. Now, remember, I was going for
two Switch 2 systems. One to do a tear
down on, one to just just have and
obviously play the games on for the
generation with Nintendo. Did I get
them? We'll get to that in a minute. I
know many of you are on the edge of your
seats right now. If I was able to to
secure a Switch 2, I'm sure. Um, but it
looks like right now the demand for the
Switch 2 is incredible. I mean, just in
general online, you see people fighting
for these things, but even at GameStops,
I saw some saying, "Hey, you know what?
I didn't get it online. I'm just going
to the GameStop right now." They went
there in the like 2 3:00 a.m. and just
started standing in line. And many
GameStops actually had a fair amount of
stock as they were posting get the
numbers on their on their door as we
sort of went over this ahead of time.
And many of them had like 40, 50, 60,
70. I saw a few that posted over a
hundred Switch to systems, they'll be
available. So, it seemed like everyone
who went out to GameStop and just stood
there in line in person was able to
secure a Switch to for the the most
part. But it seems Nintendo is having
their own issues when it comes to
availability. We can see this over on
their website. and Gadget noticed that
there was an update about release day
delivery, saying, "Thank you to those of
you who have already registered your
interest in purchasing from my Nintendo
store. We're thrilled by the enthusiasm
for Nintendo Switch 2. Due to the very
high demand, we'll be working diligently
to fill orders as product becomes
available, but delivery by June 5th is
not guaranteed. Your invitation email
may arrive after the Nintendo Switch to
launch. We'll confirm your shipping date
upon purchase. Okay, so here's here's
the deal. Okay, Nintendo is going to
start doing like an invitation process
where you can sign up through their
their like my Nintendo website and then
they'll do orders specifically there.
That hasn't happened yet. That actually
starts uh here in what a week and a
half, two weeks. It's going to start in
the the first like 10 days or so of May.
But it some are wondering is this
artificial scarcity by Nintendo? I
actually don't think it is. Well, okay,
let me ask you this. If Nintendo
produced 8 million Switch 2 systems for
launch, would you say that's artificial
scarcity? I would not personally. And it
looks like right now Bloomberg thinks
there's a chance they could hit that
number. Now, right now, the article, I
have it linked down below from Bloomberg
with the report is paywalled. We also
have my Nintendo news, which I'll link
down below as well. And this was uh the
analyst who did speak with Bloomberg
about it, saying Nintendo will be able
to produce between six and 8 million
consoles by the time the Switch 2 hits
shelves on June 5th. Sony's PlayStation
4 and PlayStation 5 are tied for the
best launch to date, with each selling
4.5 million units in their first two
months on the market. This happens, the
Switch 2 could end up being the biggest
console launch in video gaming history.
And I think I actually think they're
going to do it. Okay, I would wouldn't
be shocked if in the first two months
they did hit 6 to 7 million consoles
sold. There have been the thoughts
around the idea of Nintendo maybe
crossing, get this, 15 million consoles
by the end of December, as in the first
6 months of this system being on sale.
And that's at the 450 or $500 price
point. Yes, the demand for the Switch 2
is through the roof right now, which I
know many of you right now are just
confused looking around like, "Hold on,
I thought a lot of people weren't going
to get this. Isn't we've had this
discussion many times. We're actually
going to have it again, by the way, at
the end of the show with another
segment." The mainstream and the the
internet views when they're like people
are really plugged in don't always
align. Some people are looking this
saying, "I like Mario Kart 8 Deluxe a
lot. I want the next Nintendo system.
Mario Kart is launching with it. I'm
going to buy that. That's the That's the
entire thought process right there.
That's it. And they're like, "Oh, I got
the $500 bundle. Great. It's already
there." That like that's that's the
entire We're talking about game keys and
all kinds of stuff right now with the
Switch, too. And that most of the I'm
sure the just the mainstream doesn't
even know what that is. So, it it's one
of those situations where things just
don't really align or as well people
just having FOMO wanting to buy in. Now,
did I get a Switch to system? Actually,
I did. I I got two of them. I just
somehow the stars align. I got one from
Walmart. So, I'll have that the
following day. They said before 9:00
a.m. I will go to the Best Buy midnight
release as I got the other one there.
So, I will have one immediately at
midnight that we can do a live stream
and check out. And then I will have one
for tear down purposes and experiment,
all kinds of stuff uh we can do with
with that system. So, we'll have all
bases covered there. And it should be a
lot of fun June 5th when the system
releases and have all kinds of coverage
around the hardware and the different
games that will be available. Otherwise
though, if you have not got a pre-order,
hopefully we see stock just kind of go
in and out. And I have seen currently uh
Jake Randall is still following along
here, trying to keep people up to date
for any stock drops that happen at
different retailers. So, I would
recommend following him as we head
towards that June 5th release. Next up,
let's talk about Claire Obscure
Expedition 33, which is now out. And you
know, I was looking at this and I I
started playing the game a bit and then
I kept playing. Then I kept playing and
realized, wow, I am like six hours into
this thing already. I wanted to put it
as as a as a a segment here. And I was
trying to figure out how. And then I
realized, oh, let's just look at Steam
DB charts. Hopefully, it did well. And
guess what? Take a look. It did. It
actually touched just under 52,000
concurrent players on Steam on its
launch day. And again, this is during
the week. We'll see how it does over the
weekend. And keep in mind, okay, we've
talked about expectations for these
games. This is not considered aundred
200 $300 million project. All right,
it's priced at $50. It's from Sandfall
Interactive. It's it's their first
release. And believe it or not, this is
the funny part. It's like 30 or so
people. And many of them are from
Ubisoft. I know it sounds weird because
you're like, Ubisoft can't make games
like No, no. Ubisoft may not be able to
direct or lead games like this. We've
talked about how there's just there's
just talent all over the industry right
now, but they may not necessarily be
able to make a game like this because
that's just not what aligns with the
vision of let's make a billion dollars
off of the game plus microtransactions
plus battle passes. Listen, Claire
Obscure Expedition 33 is a game you
should not skip. I know it's a it's a
turnbased RPG. I get it and that doesn't
necessarily line up with people. I'm
telling you guys, it's such a dynamic
battle system. It it is turnbased. It it
has this weird way of making it feel
more actiony than it really is. And to
be fair, there are a lot of the
reactivebased uh elements to it where
you'll dodge or parry. Maybe one of the
most satisfying parries so in the year
right now and it's with a turnbased RPG.
Like when you when you hit the parry,
which is smaller window than I'd like,
but super rewarding when you parry
everything maybe in a combo and then you
just obliterate the enemy all at once
and every battle just feels like really
impactful. There's a lot of importance
behind it. And yes, the music is great,
although the balancing might be a little
weird sometimes because it almost it
almost like completely drowns out some
of the voice acting, which maybe they
can fix in a patch or so, but the
music's very good. So far, the
characters are interesting. The the plot
a little slower in the beginning. Starts
with like a festival, very chrono
trigger- like, but then once they get
moving, they get moving and it's just
it's just constant. So, I I'm getting a
kick out of this game right now. I feel
like I'm going to kind of like binge the
game. Like I I might be done this thing
by the weekend at this point. I'm just
rolling through it. Having a hard time
pulling myself away from it. So go play
it. Uh 52,000 Steam Concurrent players.
There's the news. But uh yeah,
definitely check this game out. I think
it's absolutely worth the pickup. Also,
I'm definitely going to use some kind of
bombastic or over-the-top words or
something in the title just to get more
people. It's we got to get people
looking at this game. I'm telling you,
it it is that good. Next up, let's talk
about PlayStation Plus Extra Tier, which
does have a large library of games,
third party and first party. And as
usual, we see games cycle in and out.
So, as they put games into the service,
they will typically remove titles,
usually based on licensing or other
agreements that run up. However,
something odd is happening here because
the recent list, as we head into May,
includes some Sony titles, and I'm not
really sure why, and it doesn't seem
like I'm alone on that one. So, you can
see the list here. This is over on VGC
and okay, GTA 5, which by the way, that
that has has gone into services and then
come out of it constantly. We'll
probably see it come back in again,
don't worry. But Mike Moto GP24, The
Sims 4, but then you get to Resistance:
Fall of Man, Resistance 2, and then even
further down from that, you have
Infamous Second Sun. So, I I you know, I
look at this, I'm saying, what is going
on here? Resistance: Fall of Man and
Resistance 2 are both streamed
PlayStation 3 games. So, they're not
even titles you download and play on
your PS5. You have to use like their
they have their their PS3 system still
set up in data centers, which sounds
crazy, but that's just how it is with
the with the lack of emulation currently
they have for PS3 on the PS5. But that
Infamous Second Sun, that's a PS4 game.
So, I I'm not sure why they're removing
their own games from the service. I
guess you could say the PS3 titles, hey,
maybe they're maybe some of their
systems are actually failing. Like, they
don't have the capacity they need in
order to stream PS3 games as much
anymore. Let's start removing some that
might even be popular. I mean, how else
do you play Resistance 1 and two? I you
just don't. But Infamous is a weird one.
So, I I see some hopefulness right now
that, oh, wait, maybe Sony is going to
do something with
Resistance. And we've been saying that
for so long now that I don't even want
to get my hopes up. But it would be
really cool if they did a Resistance
Collection, it'd be really cool if they
did something with Infamous because as
enamored as they are with Spider-Man,
which look, Spider-Man does really well.
Sell systems, great branding. I get it.
There is something to building up your
own superhero IP. Basically, with
Infamous, which by the way jumps around
to different characters. You can just
have an endless supply of conduits and
stuff that you put the the spotlight on
for maybe a game and you can play around
the powers. It seems like there there
are a lot of things they could do with
Infamous, but they just sort of put it
on the shelf when here when Spider-Man
here comes Spider-Man that shows up and
yeah, sold really well. I get it. But if
you are able to do something with
Infamous and build that up, you don't
have the massive licensing fee that's
that's just weighing down the entire
project from Marvel with Spider-Man. So,
I'd like to think they have a plan
there. I kind of don't, but I'm crossing
my fingers anyway. if anything for
Resistance because I'd be curious to see
what something like that could look like
now with some of the newer technology
with these systems at the very least
with a remastered collection as Sony
does like the remasters. But that's one
that I don't think people would be very
annoyed about or maybe just a new entry
as we head towards the PlayStation 6
because you start development even two
years ago, you might as well start
setting it up for nextG with how long it
takes. And in our last bit of news,
let's talk about the Circana sales
report for the month of March. a little
bit into April. It's like the first week
of April that's included. Uh but this
will actually give us a look as to how
Assassin's Creed Shadows did overall in
the US when it comes to sales. And we
can take a look here at the top 20 or
so. And we do have Assass Shadows at the
top. Remember this this would be twoish
weeks about half a month on the market
for Assass Shadows as it came out
towards the the second half then of
March. Right below that MLB The Show 25.
Monster Wilds got kicked down from
number one down to the third slot
because of those two releases. Then WWE
2K25, then Split Fiction, Call of Duty
Black Ops 6, PGA Tour 2K25, NBA 2K25,
Bleach Rebirth of Souls, and then
Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 fell from the
second slot all the way down to number
10. As for console sales, actually the
lowest we've seen for uh for a March
since 2019. Kind of makes sense. I mean,
the Switch does hold up a good chunk of
the console market in the US alongside
of PlayStation and kind of ex Xbox we
know has been kind of tailing off, but
the fact that a lot of people are indeed
looking towards the Switch 2 with the
announcement that it it's a thing and
Nintendo's going to be launching it here
in June makes sense that people would
maybe shy away from buying the I don't
know $300 to $350 Switch and look
towards a Switch 2 here in a in a month
or so. But in this case for Assassin's
Creed Shadows, it's now also the second
bestselling game of the year already.
And that would put it then just behind
Monster Hunter Wilds. And Wilds has done
very very well. Wouldn't shock me if by
the end of the year accessory Shadows
actually overtakes it. Not as like
number one, but just on the charts in
general. Like we're still expecting GTA
6 to come out this year. And something
tells me that'll probably be the number
one game overall in the year for sales.
But once again, this kind of shows the
difference between the mainstream and
then sort of the discourse online around
a title like this and just what brand
strength can do for Ubisoft if they
treat it correctly. Now, it's they also
have 10-centent involved quite a bit,
but 10-centent was mostly interested in
things like Assassin's Creed, and this
is exactly why because it does have uh
the ability to sell a ton of copies. And
I do think overall, probably if I had to
take a guess for Shadows, probably
finish up somewhere between 10 or 15
million copies. Wouldn't shock me if it
ended up being between 15 and 20,
though. just overall as we know Ubisoft
does like to run sales promotions
especially around the holiday and this
hasn't seen its first uh holiday season
yet. So we'll find out more I guess
towards the end of the year say in
November December when Assass Shadows is
probably like 20 bucks. And before we go
to the comments of the day we'll take a
look at the poll that I posted up
yesterday where I asked were if you were
trying to pre-order a Switch to were you
able to secure one? 60% of you say you
you were able to. 40% though
unfortunately said no. And that's the
thing. I I think there's still going to
be a lot of people looking for the
Switch 2 well into the summertime and
then certainly during the holiday season
when a lot of just consumer buying and
interest picks right back up. So, we'll
I'm hoping Nintendo can really get stock
moving as they go through the summertime
before they get to that holiday time
period. But it's very uncertain
uncertain economic times right now, of
course, with tariffs and and other
things. So, hard to say in that regard.
But here's hoping that many people who
are looking for the Switch 2 are able to
find it closer to launch or not too long
after. And we'll finish up with the
comments of the day. We'll start here
with the members comment. This is from
Loom Dum who says, "I'm very happy that
Expedition 33 did so well in reviews. It
goes to show that not everything needs
to be a bloated AAA experience. I hope
it sells well so the floodgates open for
more highquality double A games." Yeah,
I mean that'd be great. I I also like
the idea of this showing the industry,
specifically Square Enix, that hey, you
know what, a turn-based RPG can work if
you're willing to be creative around, to
be honest, the presentation. I mean,
that's mostly what uh Clare Obscure
Expedition 33 is doing well is sort of
is showcasing the the turn-based
elements with, I think, a really cool
and slick looking UI, good camera
angles, and very dynamic movement and
player interaction during these battles.
Like I said, the random encounters don't
really feel boring ever. So, at least
not now. Maybe after 50 hours, I'm like,
"Okay, here we go. A A or or here's
dodge." But right now, when it's really
important early on, it's just a lot of
fun. So, yeah, I hope it just showcases
what you can do even with a team of 30
or so people at a more modest budget.
Then, we'll go over to the comment of
the day. This was left by Maju says,
"The comment you made about people being
easily tricked by 540p image or the
returnal 1080p image. As somebody who
works in an R&D department for
entertainment devices, you have no idea
how easily people are tricked and how
easy it is to mislead people with
marketing BS. Un uh unless you
specifically work with projected images
or have to check quality of PC screens,
the human eye can so easily be tricked.
It's why I also keep repeating that 8K
is a marketing lie as the human eye
cannot discern anything above 5K.
Anything above that looks looks nice on
a spec sheet, but you literally cannot
see the difference unless your gaming
screen is the size of a small movie
theater screen. Yeah, you know, at this
point, I think 4K is good in terms of
resolution numbers. You're right. 8K
just is more marketing than anything
else. I'd prefer 4K screens just be
better in terms of quality. OLED to
continue evolving, get brighter for, I'd
like to say cheaper, but let's face it,
everything's getting more expensive. But
that's more my mindset is just the
overall clarity of the screen, the the
viewing angles, HDR in general, just
getting everything better as opposed to
let's go to 8K because it's just easier
to market. And ladies and gentlemen,
that's going to do it here for
Newsweave. If you enjoyed this video,
guys, hit that like button. If not, hit
the dislike. Leave comments down below
about everything we talked about here
today. If you missed yesterday's
newswave, I'll leave it up here in a
card. or maybe want to hear more about
how those switch to game cards just keep
getting stranger and stranger as well
more publishers talk about them. I'll
leave that right below it. Thanks guys
for watching. Have a great weekend. I'll
see you back here Monday morning, 8 a.m.
Eastern time for Newsweave.