Hello and welcome back to Nintendo
Treehouse Live. I am Kendra and I'm up
here with Tyler and Dutch and we are
going to be taking a look at Bravely
Default Flying Fairy Re HD Remaster. Um,
I'm super excited for this one. It's a
classic RPG turn-based RPG style. Um,
the original was released in the States
in 2014, so it's been it's been a hot
minute. It's been a while. Um, and it
was followed by Bravely Default or
Bravely Second and then Bravely Default
2. But we are going to get right in
there and start showing off just how
amazing this looks. Let's do it. I know.
I I truly I love RPGs, so I'm so excited
to be showing this. Um, so we're
standing outside of Anchime. Yeah,
that's right. And I mean, I think the
biggest thing we can notice is we're on
one screen, right? from being on 3DS 2
screens, it's been fully optimized to be
on one screen. Yeah, that's a pretty big
difference. And right away, you can see
just how colorful everything is. And
yeah, I'm like, maybe we go right in
there, get right into Anchime. And you
can see as we get into the town here,
it's updated graphics and visuals, but
it's still got that same kind of like
storybook art style that looks so cool,
especially in the town. The towns are
Yeah. And the way it was zoomed out just
then, it'll do that in the various
cities where if you stand still for a
moment, it'll zoom out so you can really
appreciate it. And I do want to um do
just a little bit of setup because some
people, I'm sure quite a few people have
played the original. Um but for those of
you who haven't um we are starting out
with um if we can hop into the menu for
just a second. We're starting out with
Tis, Anest, Adia, and Ringabel as our
little Mly crew there. Um, and they're
they're basically setting out together
um because this big chasm opened up and
they're kind of trying to figure out
what is going on. And then we have we
have a little fairy friend there. Yeah,
Arie the fairy giving us guides like you
can also um have like what are you
looking at? And so this uh the fun thing
here with the going to the jobs of
course each character you can switch
jobs at any time. So there's up to 24
jobs to mix and match. Um it's really
fun. And you can look at all the
different little outfits that they have,
which is it's so cute. Yeah. And and um
when you change jobs and you have those
various outfits and looks um you'll have
those in the cut scenes and in the
battles and everything. So it's it's
pretty cool. Um it's cool cuz once you
once you defeat a character of that job
type, then you get access to that job
type for all of the members of your
party. You can freely swap them out.
Yeah. You can mix and match. Um, I think
that's one of the things I love about
this game is that you have the bu the
ability to build out your group in
whatever way you want really. Um, you
have a lot of freedom and that um Yeah,
but that said, you do have to level up
that character for that job class to get
all the good Yeah. Yeah, exactly. You do
have to put the work in. You level up
your character's other levels and then
each has uh their own job level. So, the
job points are separate from the regular
experience points. And uh just one thing
I really wanted to call out I was doing
a little bit earlier, but you can use
the guide feature. So, another update to
the UI. So, you can push press X when
you're in the menu, and it goes into a
little bit deeper into each of these
abilities. So, as we can see, um Tis is
a level seven thief, so he's got quite a
bit of different abilities. But if we
switch over to Anya, she doesn't have as
many abilities because she's only level
one. Yeah. So, you can mix and match,
build your party as you please. Um
that's a pretty fun part of the game for
your strategies that you might want to
look into here. Well, and the nice
thing, too, um I guess, yeah, maybe we
can run around the town just a little
bit just to show off what it looks like.
Um, but the nice thing too is that when
you get a new job class, even if you're
starting at level one, if you're if
you're a little later in the game,
you're going to level that up pretty
quickly. Um, so that's really nice. Also
fun thing, uh, if you hold B down, you
can dash. Uh, you can also do that in
the settings to make it auto dash, but
me, I'm a B dasher. Nice little quality
of life. Oh, yeah. So, if you're
replaying this and you're like, I don't
need to take my time through here. I
know where I'm going. We found a passing
soul. There we go. So, passing soul with
your friends. Some of the uh other
things here. Here we go. Here. Yeah. So,
we will have online functionality in
this. Um, and Yeah. Oh, yeah. Here we
are. This is the village that got
destroyed at the beginning of the game.
Yes. Yes. So, um, yeah, the village got
destroyed at the beginning and you have
the ability to rebuild it. Um, and you
can have you can basically put other
people in there and then kind of rebuild
it a little bit quicker. And you really
want to do that, too, because you're
going to get a lot of abilities,
specials, and items, and all kinds of
all kinds of good stuff. So, you can
have that going on passively in the
background as you play. So, your friends
can help. Oh, yeah. They're working on
it. The passing soul that we just found,
put them to work.
People playing the game. And then also,
if your friends, you add them, they'll
be there to help as well. So, um, now
we're back on the main uh the overworld
map. And some fun things with the map we
saw. I think before it was it would be
on the bottom screen, but here we have
in the corner, but we can also switch
the map layout. So, it can be a little
bigger. Uh the exclamation mark will
tell us where we need to go next. And
this overlay, yeah, this overlay is
really nice. And also, I just wanted to
say the music is so good in this game. I
think people are going to love hearing
that OG music in here. Oh, yeah.
Especially the battle music really gets
me going. Well, now that we're in a
battle, I guess we can jump into some of
the mechanics. That's why, you know, we
have the brave and the default. So, if
you brave, you can use your battle
points, your VP, and you can do more
than one attack. So, I've done a little
brave here. We're going to do an attack
here, an attack there, and do an
ability. Let's see. We want to The brave
and default mechanics are one of the
core features of this game that kind of
made it stand out when it came out over
over 10 years now, I guess. Uh over 10
years ago. So, if we wanted to default,
it's your guard, but you also build more
BP. So, that allows you to do more
attacks. the more times you brave, uh,
the more VP you use and then you might
have to skip a turn here and there,
right? So, yeah. So, you can you can get
really layered with your strategy and
how you want to do this. And I I love
this unique mechanic about this RPG, you
know, it just it makes it really stand
out. Yeah. And also, I want to say when
you're when you choose to default, um,
you are in a defensive stance. So, if
you get if you take a hit, um, it's not
going to hurt you as much. It's like a
defensive stance and then you bank a
turn that you can use later. So maybe
you do that with your healers, like if
they're not going to do any damage up
front. Yeah. I want to save that turn
for a little bit later in the battle.
Mhm. Exactly. You can really choose your
strategy on if you want to just kind of
keep on attacking or if you want to mix
it up a bit and save some of those
attacks and then go full on out with
some more abilities. If you want to just
brave, brave, brave, brave, brave,
brave, brave. Just get in there. But
then you get into turn debt and it's
like you got to sit on the Well,
exactly. That's the trade. It's like how
brave do you want to be? Maybe want to
default a little bit. So now we're in
the temple of
wind. Oh
inspect. Wincharm. Nice little accessory
there. So I'm going to start running
around. Really see what's in here. But
this was on the map telling us that we
had to go here. This was our next uh
destination, right? So Oh, there you go.
What's the play here, Tyler? See, I'm
going to default once. I was going to
say maybe make one of them go hard in
the brave direction. Let's see. Let's uh
let's let's make an go and let's use
some martial arts abilities. You see
down at the bottom the BP is the battle
points that Tyler was talking about
earlier. So, that kind of shows you if
you're like on your normal turn
schedule. If it goes negative and red,
that means you're going to have to wait
a while to take your next turn. And then
if you default, then it kind of turns
blue and you've got bonus turns to use
later. Yeah. And I see Adia has resist
lightning going on. So that's that's
nice. Let's see how many of these we can
I like with some of the the black magic
you can attack all foes.
Nice. Chiong wave. Also, I have it
at uh Oh, I already knocked him out. Um
I like the ability that you can speed up
battle speeds from regular speed times
2* 4. Mhm. And you also have the ability
to speed up cutscenes now, which is new
to this. Exactly. Yeah. So maybe if you
if you're familiar with the story and
you don't, you know, want to watch the
whole thing at normal speed, you can
just get a quick summary of it and Yep.
Just refresh your memory right here. So
we're on auto play. Um feels almost I
could go a little quicker. Delicious.
Uh no chipmunk voices.
Yeah. And we have the original voice
acting in here. I mean, the whole game
obviously it's the same game just
remastered and looking super super good.
Get your RPG fix. Oh, yeah. All right.
So, we sometimes for me, for me, I like
to I like to default a little bit just
to kind of see what is this uh the boss
going to do or just to get up my brave
points cuz I want to go in a little
harder.
Do a little bit. But for example, uh,
with the deal, I might want to actually
do something
like this one. I see too the, um, the
brave animation, uh, when you're
selecting the brave and the those red
sparks fly. Those are updated the
original as well. Really show that
you're you're going in a little harder,
right? So, for me, I want to be like,
all right, examine. We want you can see
some things of what is the HP or if
there's a weakness, then I'm going to go
and fire. Yeah, we know. We're going for
it. you do have to spend a turn to get
that info. So, it's nice to be able to
brave to get like that examined to find
the weak spots and maybe get an attack
or Yeah, I love I do love that you have
the ability to just stack and and be
really super strategic and you can ch I
mean, each battle is different because
of it. I'm going to start using some
white magic. Do a little protection
here. See what happens. Speed things up
a little bit. There you go. His looks
super cute.
know it's weak against fire. It's a
beast type and well I cast fire on it.
So all right, let's do let's do a few
more things here. Want to hit more black
magic. Let's go a little hard on the
fire. For me, I also like to focus on
one of the two first. Get one out of the
way. She going
wave. That was good. Nice. Boom. Let's
see.
Wow. Getting hit a bit there. All right,
we're going to maybe default one. We saw
that uh Tis got skipped because went a
little too hard that first turn. So,
we're in we're in a little depth there.
Yeah, you can see his counter on the
bottom left there. So, one continue to
go on fire on one side, but I think we
need to start healing because we don't
want anyone to fall. I like that we can
also do all allies. Yeah, that's really
nice. So, you're not going out one at a
time. Yeah, and you do have some um
spells you can cast against the enemies
in the same manner where you can hit all
of them. All right, then keep on going a
little bit. We're going to keep casting
fire.
It's smart. I mean, it it just makes
sense.
The harder I can get one done. Yeah,
we've got quite a few characters in
that.
I do like when you have your buffs, they
do show up there as well. Mhm. One's
down. Yeah, good job. See, we want to
start going in. Maybe we do another
brave. Super cool looking boss, I have
to say. All right, we're going to She
going to wave that. Uh, let's go with a
special ability here. And we're going to
use piercing
bolt. And how are we doing HPwise? I
think we're doing pretty okay. Yeah,
we're doing good. Then let's uh But I
think we still might need to heal a
little
bit. And then maybe I want to do a
little bit of protect. No, shell. And
once again, I love that you can bring up
the guide to show that a little more in
depth than what we're going to do. So,
magic defense as if they're going to hit
us. Let's do that.
Nice. That cure up the shell up. Chiong
wave and piercing bolt.
Oo, do a little more damage there. I
like that with that. Um, we got some
buffs from that. It shows up the magic
attack is up 120%. Oh, you've got a
special available, too. Little low on
health there. You also kind of see that
uh that they're buffs with the little
aura around them. Yeah. All
right. Blizzard. So, yeah, you do have
specials in the game that are linked to
various weapons and you unlock those as
you continue. And I'll also actually um
through the rebuilding of Narende
Village.
We're going to keep on hitting it with
some blizzard here. And go. Yeah. Make
make him chill. Make
[Music]
Five hits from four. Nice. Pretty good.
Still standing.
Weak point. Yep. Let's take it down. All
right. I'm going to brave here. Going to
give it a few more Chiong
waves and special piercing bolt. Let's
go. I love that you have Anya as the
monk. I have the same. Oh, really? Yeah.
Yeah. When I when I did my original
playthrough, that's what I went with.
Nice. Boom. I think I think it did hurt.
I'm pretty sure that hurt pretty badly.
And then here we're going to see we got
some level ups.
Yeah, level up. Satisfying. Yeah, their
little cheerful animations. And they all
have Yeah, their different little poses.
Ring a bell. Ring a bell being so extra.
I know. Every time. All for it. All for
it. Hey, Dagalore support ability got
some drops there. All right. Guess
there's another ability that you unlock
by leveling up your job. Yeah. So, I
think we're going to from here we're
going to hop into another new thing,
which is um we have two new mini games.
We're going to take a look at one of
them. All right. So, we're going to have
to hop back out of that. Both of these
new mini games feature the mouse
controls that we uh can use with the
Nintendo Switch 2 system. So, again,
that's just using the Joy-Con 2
controllers, putting them down flat on a
surface, and then you can use it like
it's a mouse. So, we
will hop over. I'm having a little bit
of a technical Yeah, it looks like it's
paused. Uh, so the first mini game, uh,
the one that we're going to take a look
at is called Ring Bell's Panic Cruise.
Uh, this one falls into my favorite
genre of game, Panic Simulator. Mhm. Uh,
and what we're going to be doing is
piloting an airship. Uh, and Tyler's
gonna be piling it and Kinder and I will
be here uh, helping as much as we can.
So, there are going to be a lot of
instructions and things that Tyler has
to do to pilot that ship. Uh, so we're
going to be screaming at Tyler at the
top of our voices to get him to do those
things. Yes, we definitely are. And uh,
and yeah, the Lux and Cheer Rhythm Catch
is another new one. We're not going to
take a look at it today, but it's a cool
like rhythm game that also uses the
mouse controls and uh and a bunch of the
original songs as well. It's going to be
real good. And the fun thing about the
uh Lux and Cheer Rhythm Catch is that it
uses both mouse uh controllers. You use
both controllers at the same time, which
is something that's like if you haven't
tried it before, it's kind of like
mindbending. It is. I guess that's true
with Ring Bell's Panickers, too. That
one uses double mouse controls. So,
we'll see if Tyler's uh brain can handle
it here. Thanks for thanks for the uh
the run down there. It's trying to get
this into that right now. Trying to get
this pulled up. Here we go.
All right, let's see. I'm like and
everyone's very prepped now because they
got the the long version of those
various mini games. Sweet. So, here we
are. Rhythm catch. Rhythm catch is up on
the left. And just to note again, you
can only play this with uh in dual mouse
mode. So we're going to go to but we're
we're going into panic mode right now.
Get ready to panic. Chaos panic. Let it
ensue. That's what we're here for. All
right. Hard mode. We're going to jump
right into this. A little bit of a
challenge. All right. So I believe in
you. We got to head through these rings
here. Yeah. I'm going to change the
altitude and I have to steer. You can
see the blue and red hands at the
bottom. So you the balloons. You got to
pop them. It's so important to pop those
balloons. Got to stay back on course.
Got to stay back on course. What do you
think? Very good. Oh, it's kind of warm.
Okay. It's the AC right there on the
left. Thank you. That's so nice of you.
Make sure everyone's happy here.
Okay. Uh drop the net. Oh, we got one
more. One more. There we go. Nice.
Excellent. Got to gain altitude. Tis is
happy, so I'm happy. Oh my goodness.
It's just like falling apart here. Oh
no. I hate when that happens. Good.
Right down a little. Maybe you there.
You'll be helping me. Off. On on. On.
On. On. Okay. All on. There we go. Look
at the little seagull. What? Hi, my
friend. Bye. Uh, radio to 315. Yep. Oh,
and down. Drop altitude. You got it.
Okay. Here. And up. Oh, oh, the fly.
That is so important. It's a weird bug.
Oh, no. I got I was trying to hit it
three times. Wow.
Little course little off course whistle
two left. One more. There we go. Okay,
you're doing great. Great. Stay on
course. I'm sure we're helping. Oh, now
yelling in your ear. All right, get back
on course. Get back on course. This
wind. There we go. Back left. Move it
down. Is it going to blow? Oh, you got
to fix it. You're also the mechanic. You
are the pilot and the mechanic. Oh my
goodness. I'm going to throw
off off. That combo is not too bad. Oh,
down down down down. We left. Down left.
Down left. Trying to drop altitude.
Whistle. Three. One, two, three. All
right. Okay. Back on the course. Back on
the course. Eyes on the prize. I think
we're good. We're good. Oh, it's falling
apart with a wrench. Okay, got it. Man,
this ship really needs some repairs.
Like, someone needs to help Tyler out.
Oh, pet the kitty. It's so important
kitty. Oh, got to go up here a little
bit. attitude. Look at the kitty. You
cannot ignore the kitty. Thanks in
advance. Oh, number one fireworks number
a birthday is on board. Happy birthday.
Happy birthday, kitty. Pet the kitty.
Pet. Oh, bye kitty. We love you. We love
you.
That's a good day. I just realized we
think we're uh getting a little close to
something hot.
Dragon spotted the shields.
Here we go.
But we're going to leave the dragon
alone because we love dragons. Yeah, we
would hurt the dragon. Why would we hurt
the dragon? It's like I got the I got
the friends on my shoulder here. Tyler's
like, I don't know about that. All
right, we a little short, but of course
saying that you get the panels. We're
going to use it with the M mouse here.
Yep. Here we go. Find them to reflect.
Boom. Nice. Nice. I'm sorry, dragon. I
don't know. I don't Tyler doesn't mean
it. Well, he he he shot first. He did.
He shoot first. All right, let's reflect
that. We don't want to take too much
damage here. Nice. You're doing great.
Here we
go. Oh, wow. Right. Take that dragon.
Dragon tennis.
Oh, you are on point here. All right.
Yeah. Wow. I'm very sorry, dragon.
It looks pretty there. Oh, let's get
this big one back.
Booyah. Done. All right. Now, it's our
turn. Oh, yes. Here we go. Canon's out.
Okay, this part is very fun. It's very
Oh, yes. All right, we're going to pull
back on those levers.
And when we're talking the dragon, we're
going to make sure we watch it. And
let's pull back here.
Boom. Critical. All right. Boom. Crits.
Let's go. Pull back. Ready. Fire. Oh,
nice. Nice crit. Another crit. And look
at you. Oh, got a nice wing. Another
crit. Oh, slow down. Time to beat it.
Can we do it? The brave time. Fire. Fire
at will. I'm still feeling bad for the
dragon though, you guys. Got a little
more brave time from these crits. All
right, brave mode. We can keep firing.
There's no cool down time. Ready? And
there they are. On the cannons.
I mean, it's the safest spot to be,
right? It's adorable.
Who wouldn't want to do that, you know?
Hey, we beat it before it got us.
Nice job, Tyler. All right, we did that.
And you can see it was a bit of a panic
there, but thank you. Thank you both for
helping me find out what's going on cuz
I try to use both hands. We were so
helpful just yelling in your ear. It was
It was a good balance in both yelling in
both right and left ears. You know,
everything everything in balance. We We
aim to please. But we got an S rank. So,
I think uh with all of our orders
fulfilled, everyone is hopefully a happy
camper. Yeah, we should mention there
are a couple in-game rewards for playing
the mini games. You can get some extras
in these nodes in that section of the
game. So, yeah, absolutely. Well, thank
you so much for watching. That was
Bravely Default Flying Fairy HD Remaster
again. Super excited about that one.
Classic RPG. Um, and now up next we've
got Kirby and the Forgotten Land,
Nintendo Switch 2 Edition, and Starcross
World. So stay tuned for that. See you.