Looks like the match is going to start
here in just a minute. But uh yeah,
Jarvin can also be decent versus Zin
sometimes because you can like ult him
and then EQ out and uh and try and dodge
his W's and you know yeah leave people
behind in the arena. But let's get down
to the bottom lane because bottom lane
was the one left up here and yeah
because they've got the Gallia already
like all right we don't want a Kai'Sa on
that or uh to look at any sort of heavy
dive or anything like that. Uh meanwhile
uh I feel like you could just go not
watching the Halo team. We are watching
the Halo team, right? We're just not
playing yet. We don't play again till
later. So in the meantime, we're
watching the league team. Seos taking
away both the Nautilus as well as that
Nico. Seos has been kind of just
spamming Leona and that is up and
available, but of course there's the
opportunity for Hui to take it here if
he wants. MF being considered here for
Scary Jerry has played it once already
and is going to be locked in. Uh, not
the biggest MFM, but I do think Gallio
has quite good setup. And now you have
Gallo plus Recon. You have point and
click CC with the rise as well. So you
have a lot of ways to potentially, you
know, dive in there with the Rakan. The
Gallo comes over the top, taunts them
all up and the bullet times ripping out.
And that seems like that is a pretty
strong combo. Braum seems like a
potential obvious pick here if you want
to try to shut down that sort of play.
Be able to watch
Wrestlemania wants to go if he is just
going to go towards the kind of tried
and true the three games of Leona go
back towards that. Um it is instead
going to be the Allistar here to
potentially just be able to play that
bodyguard style. You know, knock out the
Gallo, knock out that recon when they
are trying to go
in good for playing kind of in the
mid-range here where there's there is a
lot of danger, but they still want stuff
uh to be able to interrupt and put
pressure.
So that's on their side. I mean the DSG
comp actually is very similar to what I
do today with the Gallo Zen and the
Rakan coming in as the final piece
there. Which you like more to have uh to
have that early access? Uh for me, I
feel like I like Shopifies more because
their carries are so mobile. Yeah. Uh
and when you have super mobile carries,
um we saw in the last one, you know,
that if you dodge Raon, well, one time,
Rakan is really the only like guaranteed
one cuz you need the Rakan to to land
the charm and the knockup to allow for
the Gallo time to get in there. But Azir
and Ezreal can be very slippery. Yeah.
What do you think about spo joining? I'm
super pumped. There's a lot of side lane
possibil ultimate. Maybe they can can
make some plays and play the map that
way. What happened to Halo? Yeah, it'll
be interesting to see. We won round one.
So now we play again
later. Jarvin, you're looking at Rumble,
you're looking at Ezreal all over the
top. All right.
Let's get a nice dub here.
Nice and easy.
Very easy to be able to How many
different games you own a pro team? So,
I do think the team that gets the jump
pretty much every major esport except
for Counter Strike, Call of Duty.
I think those are the only two like ones
that we're not in there first. Uh they
are down at the bottom of the table with
Dignitas who was looking like they were
in a good position to actually get a win
last game but Hunter Thieves were to
come back. They were in a good position.
Not even just looking like it. Gage they
were they were looking like it and they
were Yeah. And then they were not. And
then they weren't and they also weren't
looking like it. We have Castle here
playing the Aftershock. Interesting cuz
I Rebellions our team match up earlier
obviously after they played um because
he was the first person I can remember
back I think when it was LC. What did
they change about J4 by the way? I know
they changed him a little bit.
He thinks it's strong because you get
pry on push and then you only kind of
play aggressive when you have phase
rush. You guys have
team kind of key component of this
matchup and you know he said the mistake
that licorice made is he went aggressive
when phase rush was on cool down but we
see they didn't change anything about
J4. Yep he is. And these are I thought I
remembered reading something like
because they are number one and number
two most important stat the amount of
time that you spend with your jungler in
the first 14 minutes of the game. U you
know sometimes the reasons can be that
because you just want to leave bottom
lane but we've seen a lot of the reasons
be that you want to play with that
jungler especially on the Shopify side.
Yeah buff just nothing dramatic ever
since he got here has played oh that's
what I was asking. So he did get a buff
with his nef. I didn't mean like a like
a rework. I just meant like what buffs
did he get that Leona, you know, to go
play with their jungler who was on a
more carry style uh jungler in the
Nefury in those couple of opening games.
But um Contrax is such a playmaking
jungler that it does help to have a
support that also wants to go with you.
And you know, jungle support synergies
are, I would say, as important as
support and AD carry synergies in
professional play. When you're going for
vision, when you're coordinating for
invades, when you're getting uh engage,
will you be watching the sperm racing
live? Absolutely not. When I think of
contracts on Jarvin, I think of G2
series back when he was on the
highlights on ESPN. Some monster games
on the pick. So, we'll see if he can be
able to be that big playmaker that the
team wants him to be. And Zabadaga gets
three first. Going to step forward for a
little trade. Castle does have the push
in this matchup up on top side where
unsurprisingly the MF does have the push
down here on bottom side. Raan, I would
say probably the most useless support in
the game. Excuse me, Allistar at level
one. You know, you do have to really
kind of get those those first couple
levels in. So, it's so touching that
Allistar still played at the pro level.
MF is quite a strong that champion will
always just be useful. Yeah, I mean he's
a combo champion and can't have a combo
at level one. Uh but now level two, more
options for him. Top side though. You
ever watch NASCAR? I didn't used to, but
I'm starting to get into it. I mentioned
it last night. We have a uh a cheeky
race car now in the NASCAR stock circuit
for Bowman Gray. Contracts having to
traverse back. A little bit of knitting
in the audience there.
Is that knitting? Oh, okay. Is that a
scarf? Maybe a nice little sweater.
What's the difference between crochet
and knitting? That's definitely better
ride it for a YouTube video. Oh, I
crochet. I absolutely plan on it. And
you know what that looks like though cuz
you've seen, right? So that was that the
same or like I said, I know that Joy
does crochet.
Okay. So when she's doing it, it's
crochet. Yeah. And she's good at it.
She's great at it. Okay. Well, she made
me a hat, which I lost. And then I felt
really bad about it. Oh, no. You're So
then she made me another hat and I
haven't lost that one. Okay. Well, so
I'm one for two. I've never seen you
wear it, so Well, it's not usually
winter. You know, it's not cold enough.
When I travel, hats on my head. Strap
that bad boy on. Nice and toasty. Keep
that head warm. Yes, sir. Meanwhile, the
I don't know when we play again for Halo
today. After the swap and uh the Rumble
being back down there, of course,
everybody's uh been swapping up to top
sides. Couple of minutes even before the
uh Grub spawn uh at the early swaps. DSG
were up there first with the Misfortune
uh with the strut and the uh Cole as
well for them. So, they're going to be
getting the slow push back out. They're
actually speeding up that push to be
able to crash it uh and look for the
extra pressure for themselves on top of
it. Yeah, we'll see exactly what they
want to do with this early call here for
Scary Jerry. T going to be stacking up
there. No, no rivals tonight. Accepting
the push even so far. It's a couple
hundred gold though in the advantage of
DSG as they have some slight farm leads
kind of across the board and XU as well
has been able to grab a couple extra
camps for himself. Zen just kind of
power farming right now. Contracts is
clearing up towards that top side and
we'll see if he can find an angle up
there but doesn't seem too likely.
Okay, little uh little quick just went
insane on Human Torch. Yeah, he's
definitely one of the best DPS right now
in season 2. That's for sure. As we
said, those junglers are mirrored. No
flashes blown early on though, so it's
not like super super great target. I
guess Seo's here getting brush control
first though is kind of the first step.
And Huhi using his body to retain vision
of the tri brush to make sure Contracts
isn't coming that direction. Get an
early alert. You still collect not so
much these days. Now I just play the
card games. I'll start making those
plays on Misfortune. Even blowing your
flash early on is very detrimental with
both of those carries being far less
mobile on the side of DSG. And here we
go. They did it. Played it safe on the
top side. There goes our grubs. Start up
the grubs. There's a controller in the
back. RIP Grubs. Contracts will be
already headed towards dragon to trade
neutrals. Yep. Going to be heading on
down there. And you can see Castle was
able to grab the honey down on the bot
side. So, he's very healthy. He's weak
sided. So should be playing pretty safe
down here uh for the next couple minutes
until XU gets back out on the map. XU
now hitting level Yu-Gi-Oh for nice
little experience from the grubs and
then going to be heading down towards
that red buff which will be respawning
relatively soon. Um but again, you know,
just trading throughout the early game.
It is pretty passive and I do think this
is kind of one of those comps where
mostly people are waiting for level
sixes. So many of these champions are so
ultimate based uh that I think we are
going to start seeing a lot more action
in these next couple of minutes. And if
we do see that action, I kind of agree.
I want to see it around mid lane. Uh at
least from the side of Shopify, you
know, burn the rise flash. Uh contracts
get in there. He's very close to his his
ultimate. Palifox could do it himself
first. Sometimes you'll see Azir
clawade and use their ulti sweeps to get
the flash out of your opponent and then
boom, next time your ultimate is up,
have your I don't know when the siege
season starts. I think it's pretty soon
though to be able to punish. So try and
get that burning early cuz Azir is just
such a good playmaking mid lane
champion. Um now once you do have the
level sixes coming in, you can try and
set up rotations for cool downs, burn
those flashes. Yep, it's going to be a
pretty good game for MR here for Castle.
Already has the early cowl, of course,
in his double AP solo laners. Ezreal
even has some magic damage mixed in and
it's not likely the Ezreal is really
going to be just kind of focusing down
and burning down Castle here with the
aftershock as well as the damage
reduction during your taunt. So, it's
going to be potentially really tough for
Shopify to deal with Castle if he can
kind of, you know, get in the mix of
things, really create Oh, no. You
relapsed yourself in the middle of the
fight, see what he can get done. I
played a little league in the
preseason dropped it.
Too many other games I'm focused on
grinding. So now I just watch it for the
squad there especially for junglers
because jungle gap got the raptors now
it does tick over. Um meanwhile we're
ending up with the roam from Seos to
come play you know with fudge and
contracts and leaving that Ezreal in the
1 v one match up versus uh Castle who
like you were saying had invested in the
early magic resist. I mean the still
nice regen but the Ezreal going to have
really nice time down there. Uh and so I
kind of like the little switch up that
they've done and Seo still uh you know
playing on behind here as they finish
the push. Yep. When did you start
watching this top? I mean they have
three pink wards up there as
well before one over the wall that was
able to spot earlier when he was doing
the kugs. So a lot of safety gained by
them on that top side and castle tough
to slow. So he's just playing side.
We don't typically play aggressive in
the early game. We'll see if Shopify
wants to actually challenge on the next
grub spawn that is going to be up here
in a minute 15. I likely do not want to
give over those six grubs, especially
because dragon was a bit delayed. So,
it's not like there's a dragon there to
be able to spawn and trade for or
anything like that. So, we might start
seeing a little bit of action actually.
It's yours as in you own it or just root
for it. Own it. Yeah, you have to. The
one thing you really have to be care uh
careful about is Misfortune ultimate
during that fight. Eventually, we'll
have a counter-strike team. locked up by
the recon. So that's just a hard one to
get going cuz it's so [ __ ] expensive
and there's not a whole lot of talent on
the market right now to make sure you
don't get hit with that. We got 10 of
them then. Yep. Everybody has their
flashes ready. We haven't had our
bloodthirsty game just quite yet. The
flashes are units like that. I'm scared
of winning. You got it in your back
pockets like wear your helmet when
you're out for a bike. I don't know what
you want me to do about it, man. Yeah,
helmet's on ready to go. And uh we'll
see if they can make it happen here. 25
seconds now. Shopify taking some vision
over on this top side. They did clear
out those two pinks up towards the top
of the river. Now going to clear out
this last pink here. That's a good ward
up by the wall there though. That
doesn't get spotted and will stick
around
as Hui getting a little bit of a chip
damage there in on just replaces the
pink that did get cleared out. And DSG
now going to move in. Magic is best for
starters.
Really any precon like the Warhammer
precons I think are super good for
starters.
Okay, wait a minute. That was a nice
catch. Jerry is down incredibly low and
he's going to be first blooded by
contract. Good [ __ ] That was a great
flash. He's gone.
Insio, but it's a little bit too little
and it's a little bit too late for its
already on a target that's not even
being attacked. Seos the support goat of
Brazil. Him playing with contracts gets
the kill on the enemy AD carry. He goes
straight for scary Jerry. He's like,
"Yeah, nice." I'm telling you, man.
Allistar always going to be useful,
always going to be such a strong
support. Seos headbutts him closer to
contracts and then follows the flash
already knowing scary Jerry only has one
place to go. It is flashing over the
wall and Seos immediately answering
there. Shopify rebellion when they look
their best. A lot of these it is no
hesitation immediately snap plays there
and the flank was just very very good.
Seos on one side, contracts on the other
side in the river and scary Jerry
headbutted right into the middle. I
mean, that was so well played by Seos.
Not only the headbutt to kind of alley
for contracts, but then he instant Q
flash over the
wall for him to go. So, you're expecting
it and that is a great combo. Those
those types of plays, it's it's always
so when do you join siege for esports
opponent's next move? Uh, we got a
[ __ ] goated squad, right? That's why
I flash into the wall there.
Looks like an absolute idiot. Exactly.
Exactly. Yep. That's nice. You never let
them know your next move, Kobe. I got to
try that sometime. You got to keep them
guessing. Some good some good advice.
The intentional face plan. Exactly.
That's what happens. They respect you
too much. You know, Blade Crisis 2. I'm
going to do what's good. I do something.
What an interesting request.
Well, probably not. They they did try
and do what's good and so Shopify end up
with the extra two kills. How's the Halo
game going? Incredible.
We got Optic in round one. We won.
Our boys are looking so good. So [ __ ]
good.
So we play again here in a few hours.
I'm taking a guess of that. It's a
couple hours. I don't really know for
sure. Fudge. The flash forward there
from Avad is mashed by Fudge. So not
able to get the room for him down. And
Fudge does have al as you say. Contract
is in the area, but commit to it because
B boy is pretty late to the play. He's
just now walking out towards mid lane.
Palif Fox had no TP. Of course, Castle
does have teleports. It would have been
really hard for them to commit to it. I
think they were just kind of fishing
around seeing is anyone going to be out
of position. Is there an angle here? And
there was not. So DSG do grab a dragon
here. And it is now two objectives a
piece. Shopify one kill away from that
feed of warfare as one is one objective
away from getting on getting pretty
close. I think they're so good. I love
can do anything to kind of I love all
the coverage of their games. fighting
without flashes now on both Abaga and
Scary Jerry. I haven't got to watch a
single series live, but I always catch
the VODs and then the people talking
about it on YouTube. It's so good.
So, uh, at least Scary Jerry has the
bloodthirst uh though. It's like some
knee pads, you know.
Okay, so no helmets but knee pads and
knee pads. It's not a lot of safety. Um,
you might have brain damage, but your
knees are not going to be scraped, so
it's all good.
Uh, is it okay? Yeah, I played the
Darkness games. Let's see if Let's see
if those knee pads will keep Scary Jerry
safe because uh, Misfortune power spike
is real to have your blood thirstster
done at least. I mean, that was the
reason that B had a sweating profusely.
Is he still on stream? I thought that'd
be like a really short thing. Team
fight, you know, getting that Trinity
Force is so huge. It's kind of similar
for he's really invested in the
promotion. Your sustain is just so
amazing. You can push the wave and then
use your run. Do you have a team? No, I
actually hate procon. I think that [ __ ]
blows ass once you get this item. Um you
can slide around the rift on your knees
watching it. Okay. You just have to be
careful not to hit your noggin. Yep. And
has that flash back up here shortly so
he'll be ready to go. Yeah. I mean it is
so nice once you have the BT cuz you
just get full mid lane control, right?
Like no one can push you out. You can
take any trade. So the enemy AD carry
basically just has to sit back and not
trade with you at all since you have all
that life steal to shrug it off. Means
you get full push and like you talked
about game battles 2010 fun with your
friends though. I never game battles for
COD. They only ever battles who is then
just going to drop the equalizer to stay
safe and we were not very good. But it
doesn't mean that this time around no
equalizer. No way for Shopify to walk up
to this tower and it is going to be
first turret taken here for DSG. So
they're going to be able to claim that
and now means they are just the one
objective away from feats of strength
for themselves and DSG you know going
very even here with Shopy. slight gold
lead, not going to mean too much, but I
do think Shai have the kind of easier to
execute comp and DSG is going to have to
find a way to really get out to those
side lanes, which we've seen a lot of
teams, especially the lower level teams
really struggle to do. You know, if they
can get rid of that side lane and
getting push and be able to make these
plays with Gallow and, you know, find
dives and open up the map in that way.
How did host work in gears? I know it
was OP and in game battles that would
seem broken. Thank goodness that Scary
Jerry has found you swap hosts back. Be
safe. Safe again.
So you have a series with one of your
one of your teammates as host and then a
series with one of your their teammates
host is still coming back. Uh coming up
to help help out. That was very close as
the smite timing Q timing are kind of
close but steals away um the second blue
buff or picks up the second uh blue buff
for himself to go collect the rest here
and play quite safe. Shopify though, you
made a montage. You would have to
clarify if you were host. Yeah, but you
can just tell when someone's host. You
literally play a different game on Gears
one when you're host. And look at that.
He is saying in their jungle with wards
around him. It never even needed to be
specified. Early play from the Allistar
Jarvin bruiser combo here. And they're
looking for it again. Yeah, they're
going to be looking here on Exi who's a
little bit too far forward. Is going to
have to pop a card
immediately. But where's the follow? Not
there just yet.
going to
get down to flash over the wall as
contract. Great split second there. This
time around it's DSG who do not
hesitate. Xu pops the ultimate. Who
comes in over the top with the flash on
a little too much
grapp off dies right as it's happening.
So he goes down and the rest of Choppify
have to evacuate. Let's take a look at
the setup because it is lightning quick
here. Not sure what it's going to be in
the middle and Huhi, he does use his
dash over to the side right there. Then
X is like, "Okay, we fight this." He
ults, chases them into the pit and Huhi
immediately follows so they can get it.
Palox right in the middle as the
Misfortune ultimate is going over the
top is just beautiful for them. Complete
deletion. Yep. It's tough find yourself
in the middle of a team fight like that.
Not a lot you can do on the Azir. Yeah,
found Fox. You got to get got to get out
of there. Yeah, I mean Castle Castle as
well. He instant flash over the wall
gets a just a really short taunt down on
Palif Fox. They lock him down and they
set up Scary Jared to knock him down
with the ulti. And now Contracts looking
for Hui there, but he is able to dodge
the flag and drag and get out to safety.
Slight lead still maintained here for
DSG, but they have the feats of strength
now. Yeah, will eventually be in Counter
Strike for sure. Feel pretty nice and
scary Jerry just going to be takes time
and tons of money. We'll see if Fudge
and Contracts can kind of find a good
combo because again, I talked about this
in draft, but I just feel like whoever
gets the first engage has such an
advantage because you're so far on the
back foot since both teams have really
explosive engages. You know, if Contra's
able to find that big combo and you get
the equalizer down, it could be trouble,
but the same is true as we saw from Huhi
there as Seos, they're trying to force
out his alt, won't quite be able to do
it, but he is chunked down low and now
the Herald going to be summoned up.
All right, Herold will get charge off. I
mean they it's interesting they're doing
this trailing play on top side. I I
guess they were thinking there was going
to be some I don't remember who the
bands were for this there but it's it's
dragon taken for DSG not doing anything
on top side. So the kind of straggler
play there where Fudge was hovering
behind Power Fox doesn't really find
anything for Shopify and they're just
going to lose out on that dragon. The
side tower starting to open up though on
opposite sides for some looks at the
split push. Yeah, shot by seeming like
they just weren't super comfortable to
actually take that fight. You know, may
maybe missing a couple of these key
flashes on their engagers. You know,
they don't have it on contracts or seos.
So maybe feeling like it could be tough
to actually find the fight. Also
something we haven't talked about who is
actually playing spellbook recon. So
this is pretty interesting. So he's now
swapped over to ghost. So he's on ghost
heal right now while he doesn't have
that flash. Haven't seen spellbook tech
in a long time in pro. He used to be
popular. I was asking cuz the number one
Turkish team had to be bought. They
couldn't get gambling sponsors and kind
of needed it. Roster got bought by
another orard. Yeah, a lot of esports is
held together by gambling sponsors now.
That's the big thing. Especially
Counter-Strike. Counter-Strike is almost
solely funded at the pro scene by
[ __ ] skin gambling and that kind of
[ __ ] Maybe he gets some uh some cool
engage off soon, who he has had a
successful record on Rakan throughout
his very long career. Um see if he can
continue it today with some some new
little little tweaks to it. I feel like
no one plays spellbook at all anymore. I
was trying to think about like when's
the last time I even saw spellbook in my
games. You know what the last one I saw
was? Was a a fiddle sticks using it and
they uh and they were doing the were
they cooking? They they were not
cooking. He wanted to do the he wanted
to do the teleport thing and it's just
not good anymore. Yeah. But DSG back
onto the map and they are going uh in
tandem here to get the deeper
long objectives. Also leading the way
with the support jungle duo. But yeah,
we've se we've definitely seen it in
this game. You know, the stat we showed
at the very beginning of it with these
uh these two supports having the highest
jungle proximities for themselves. And
now they're going to do a wrapound here.
They're actually behind Shopify. Scary
Jerry's kind of split from the rest of
the team. We'll see if they can find any
sort of engage who he is looking. But
meanwhile, they're dropping multiple
waves bot and they're giving up the free
tier one. They're trading that for the
tier one top. But both teams are just
kind of dropping one side of the map and
playing
through mid doing a little spread top
for DSG. Just keep pushing. But I tend
to favor Rise getting gold probably more
than the Rumble in this situation. As
long as the Rise can continue putting
that pressure on the side lanes, it is
going to be
really if he is just grouping for
fights, then I think it's a lot harder
for him to actually find that value in
these fights.
as Seos goes forward. It does take a
pretty big chunk of damage, but nothing
too bad. Yeah, they just kind of agree
to trade the opposite side lanes. What
it really does is Yeah. open up the map
for more room to play with here since
teleports are ready. Gallo ultimate is
ready. They're teleporting behind into
that deep vision they placed earlier.
Yep, we're full already. Castle is
coming and in comes ultimate and Jarvin
is gone. Contract is just out of there.
trying to run on the other side. Can we
at least
go
down here?
Big moment. Scary Jerry for dinner. Way
to turn that around. Trying to run, but
he's got no room. I thought we were kind
of there. Going to try to take the blast
cone. Does he have any way out of here?
Looks like he might have just created,
but they're going to lose the Oticon.
They're going to lose the three kills
and DSG are going to lose control of
this game. DG they go for the teleport
play into the back but let's look at how
it started and how they got separated.
So starts out early here. We're going to
see I already know how it's all Azir
baby is so [ __ ] range for his ulti
though and I say he does get deleted in
there. But now there is no misfortune
ultimate or Gallia ultimate. And then
here the realm war for Abadaga. He goes
in while the rest of the team was going
the other way. that realm warp into the
hands of Palifox and Fudge. I didn't
realize that he teleported in. That was
an interesting call from the rise.
Fountain good as into the fountain.
Yeah, I mean I think he just must have
lost track of who else was over there.
Maybe he thought it was just one member
over there. Warps in into a 1v2 dies,
loses his flash. You see Lwig going to
be pretty happy about that one. Who in
trouble? I mean, yeah, that's just so
big for us. Like that is so huge.
G here now have opened up. That was
quite a throw from the rise. I don't
know what the plan was. Getting very
strong as he's now done his Rift Maker
plus that Leandj stacks on that dark
Jerry just constantly getting focused.
This contract is on on the side. We'll
see if they can find a window here to
look for this dive. Fudge does have his
equalizer back up. So if TSG missed
positions with these Oticon GS, you know
they're going to send it. Yeah, they
are. I mean there's no flash on Rise, no
flash on Misfortune. Contract has his to
go for the engage. Like that is a full
send with revives. Uh, Fudge currently
down pushing on the bottom side. So, at
the very least, Shopify will also get
the bottom lane pushing. Uh, but they
very likely will be calling uh for a
more aggressive play. Minion wave does
get pushed up by Fudge and Dragon
spawning. So, I call it at that. It was
very good. Not going to be able to be
challenged here at this dragon. So, they
will be secure this. Interesting little
tidbit. Last person to play spellbook
recon was actually also Hui. It was back
in 2023. So, has been a couple years
since that has popped up and it was also
him with that tech. Uh, he has swapped
out the ghost now for exhaust. So, he's
going to be on exhaust heal for now. We
can see if he can find some good value
from that. Scary Jerry just there is no
flash for him and he is in so much
trouble. Here comes the Gallo
ultimate. Anything done here to B is
going to withdraw. Everyone is kind of
withdrawing right now here. Avadaga is
cleaning house. And yeah, you have the
G, but you're still giving over gold.
DSG are going to real morph in and look
for even more. They got all five of the
G for only greedy carry. That is not
even close to worth it. No greedy. Even
with the old before it got nerfed, that
probably wouldn't be worth it. This is
so deep into the waiting arms. They they
gave us one. Might as might as well give
them one, too. getting their kill target
as he said through. Yeah, they're just
getting melted on that side. So, it's
200 gold for each person that has to
withdraw with the buff. Plus, you get
the lasting buff of the extra uh flower
value. So, it's like that is 1,000 gold
with five of the withdrawals plus a
little bit of extra stats after uh in
exchange for one kill on one misfortune.
Yeah, I mean they didn't even finish off
the tower before they did. They don't
get full gold because of the they got
like six H fully tower. That is more
than an extra member at this point in
the game in a team fight and they got
absolutely cooked by that. That was a
huge overforce absolutely from Shopify.
Going to wish they had that one back but
unfortunately uh won't be able to. They
are still though 2,000 in the lead.
Oticon is a hell of a drug. It is man.
Do some crazy stuff on that buff. That's
why I like the flowers. Well, we got
pretty much no [ __ ] value out of
that. get the flowers one. They just
peacefully take the flowers as they are
going to be able to drop the equalizer
back X. Finally claim that T. No, you
was crying over a spilled milk. Just
move forward in the game with that
slight lead.
All right, the the dust is settled
around mid lane and they finally took
care of the objective. Okay, so after
after the craziness of the Oticon Bender
that they went on, they calmed down a
little bit. They still have their gold
lead. You know, settled. They lost their
wallet, but yep, everything's fine. They
still got their 2k gold lead. Split on
dragon, split on Grugs. Imagine just
flashes over the wall. He just like
burns full flash on that [ __ ] Blasting
buff that is very very uh or actually
no, they don't even uh don't even have
that one cuz it was the other kind. Wait
a second. The teleport flank onto
Palifox. It's very long and he has flash
and ulti. Seos is around here as well.
Seos just going to combo onto Abadaga.
And now they're going to counter TP and
in comes the Rumble. Seos just buying
time. This won't be a full fight or
anything. Looks like there's not going
to be much of a fight. Which team are
you rooting for of TPS and take the from
our team
out? Still have uh still have vision of
them and isn't going to have a spawn
soon for anything to actually happen. So
just a little bit of side lane
possibilities down. I'd say it's
probably a bit more worth for um or more
useful for Riseze since Rise such a good
split pusher. I mean the Rumble is so
fed that it also is pretty big for him.
Three full items already. He already has
that blood letters curse in. So has the
triple mask items coming in already. Who
he going to be getting pushed back. Uh
did use that exhaust in last fight. So
he's back to his original summoners
right now. And we're just kind of
waiting for this next fight. Looks like
it's likely to be around this dragon as
both towards soul point. And with how
explosive the engages are really
mountain soul is definitely high value.
I keep up. Yeah, definitely is that
mainly through YouTube videos and VODs
though big for uh but no I don't
actively play anymore positionings uh
preemptively towards the five on five
since we're going to get a lot of five
on fives in this game it seems um how
close are we going to be to that death
cap though because a minute out on
D just grabbed his so he's got one we'll
see how much gold does uh palif fox have
so he needs about 800 more gold um to be
able to actually complete his So, I
don't know that he's going to get it. I
don't think he will. He just came out of
base, so not going to have that. And
that is going to be a pretty important
difference for Abadaga. Blood Thirstster
is done for B boy now, though. So, he
can shrug off all the poke and is doing
a lot better in that kind of mid A carry
duel right now for Pryo. You can see
Fudge. Actually probably like to see him
get in range of these minions
cuz you definitely want to get that
before the fight. You can see he's at
like 95% of the way. So, if he actually
just walks up to some of these minions,
uh, he will have it.
But DSG posturing here just trying to
clear out vision around the baron right
now are going to be able to grab the
scuttle and clear out the pink in the
back of the pit. I I think a dog should
be pushing the wave right now. I mean,
he's got rail morph even though you
don't have teleport. You have your real
morph. You have Gallo ult and rail
morph. So, it should always be Gallo and
Rise pushing these waves cuz they can
join the fight so quickly. And this is
something that we've seen, you know,
from from a lot of our teams that are
more of those bottom teams is that they
struggle to utilize the split push
advantage when they build it because
there's always, I think, that
nervousness of, well, what if my team
gets caught working for you on stage?
So, you don't have that kind of built-in
team will stay safe as a causes you to
overgroup, which quite frankly takes
away a lot of the value from the pick,
right? So, definitely agree. Want to see
Abadaga and Castle just kind of
committing to that side lane being able
to find those. They're going to be going
in here hard shifts out, flashes out,
and now it's Seos potentially that's in
trouble as he's in the middle of the
team. Seos though, flashing out as well.
They're going to try to re-engage here
on Contracts. Good equalizer comes out
and it's cooking up EC2. ECU is ignited.
He is burning down, but he will barely
survive. The problem being the dragon is
now alive and Shotfi can just go right
to it. Interesting worth cuz the Ezreal
has no barrier or flash and both Abadaga
and Ex using their flashes in this one.
And with the ultis down, it looks like
it's going to be burn down free dragon
for Shopify. Yeah, this is nice. You
just have two people doing that while
staying up here, making sure there's no
sort of a a cheesy baron play that they
are.
They're making some interesting plays.
Flashing onto an Ezreal, even at low
elo, I know that's always a terrible
idea, but boy,
if I think he was just expecting to be
able to blow him up or maybe reaction
check him, I don't know. DSG. Yeah, they
definitely need to actually find back
there. They've had some pressure on him,
but haven't been able to take him down.
And the death cap roar at least now has
been evened up. Uh Pal Fox has caught up
in that one at the very least. And
everybody with pretty similar
inventories here evening out. I would
assume Fudge still has a decent amount
of money to spend though. And since he
also had the dark seal early on and
stacked it up, he still has a bunch of
this advantage, this Rumble that got so
much um out of the river fight, flashing
forward and getting the extra kills
there. I mean, we've seen these rumble
holds like that. Those things have
absolutely melted. Yeah, it is really
tough. And I mean, he also was the
beneficiary when they were doing this
kind of tier one trade on either side.
He was the one down in bot lane
collecting that gold, collecting those
minions. And as a result, Castle
obviously a fair bit behind, you know,
in that 1 v one. does at least complete
his seekers. So, it doesn't have the
zonas, but seekers obviously very
valuable for that one fight. Where did
you see that the schedule one update is
in August? One fight impact here to be
able to try to turn things around. Scary
also has his IE. Hope you're right. A
really big purchase there for the MF.
Now has that kind of trifecta of heavy
AD items that really make the ultimate
incredibly powerful as Palox and Contrax
just trying to maintain vision on that
side. Xu going forward here trying to
get some damage down in so much trouble.
just dead to start the fight. Who
flashes in does get the double charm.
The bullet time is connecting on nothing
though fighting fudge on the side. He
went back with the
taunt flash from the engage coming in
from Jerry on the run as boy and the
chasing him down. Scary Jerry late
barrier doesn't matter. Barely survives
but the fight is not even
close. We take those. Love that. Love
that. He takes here right off the bat.
Yeah, blew up there. I don't think
anyone expected him to take that much
damage as he charges in. Knock up.
Ezreal is hitting him. Azir is hitting
him. Doesn't
ultra punishes him. Goes in with the
Jarvin to lock up and make sure they can
get that kill. Remember his
flash were two of the ones that they
used to try and get B boys in the
previous fight. So no ult and flash was
not there from the last one. He just got
completely melted. Then Shopfly can just
run over the team fight move forward. So
I I feel like the the people that had
we're in a really good spot now fight
played very differently. Bivo on Ezreal
has our shift but he also was at the
back and also was not exposing himself.
Um, so that was very risky to to charge
in there. But as you also correctly
pointed out, you know, no ult going down
and the damage coming through so quickly
now. Shopify with their baron buff have
everything they need to push in. Huge
gold lead has ballooned off of that. So
now you just have a nice calm siege from
Shopify and they can slowly take out
secondary tower here on bottom side DSG.
Not a lot you can do in the face of
this. uh just try and play a little bit
more defensively near your inhibitor
towers, but uh even then the Baron buff
going to do some lasting work here.
Yeah, I mean we really got to see Scary
Jerry and who on the same page. I mean
who flashed in, you know, with that ulti
and scary Jerry just wasn't quite in
range of of those key targets with his
ulti. You know, when you're playing MF,
you got to do it, but they're going to
go for the run. They are looking for
Fudge. Fudge does have to use his
flashing sink. Got to rush down towards
that. Nicely timed play though from DSG
as there are those desync waves. So they
kind of committed to bot, clear that
out, go towards mid, force a wave comes
in. It is going to mean the end of their
first tier three tower falling down and
that mid wave will be arriving here
pretty soon. We'll see if DSG are going
to try to force an engage. Looks like
they will just accept at least the one
inhibitor loss. The question is, will
you defend the mid lane tier three? as
DSG are moving over but so are Shopify
and Palif Fox in a good position here
alongside BO poking over the wall making
things difficult for DSG
very difficult I mean you've got bottom
lane pushing by itself everybody still
with their baron next
turn coming down the extra range is got
his flash back only Palifox now has to
play safer and so you kind of like
rotate your positioning of your carries
in the last fight could play more
aggressive and Bivo is a little bit more
safe now this time Palif Fox is hovering
by the uh dead turret that he can raise
up with his passive and Bivo is playing
very aggressively poking people out.
Look at where Huhi is. He is on a long
deep flank here. He does have heal and
ignite. Uh it is going to be this dragon
spawning here that DSG definitely do not
want to give over, but they feel like
they need to find some sort of a pick to
be able to have a chance to stop it.
They're not really in position. It's
already spawned. This will be mountain
soul going to Shopify unless they can
instantly force a fight here. X2 trying
to walk in is going to get comboed and
X2 is incredibly low this time. Pops
aggressive guard who going in on the
side is going to be able to land not
getting much
done. So maybe there's a chance for a
re-engage here though has lost. That's
really unlucky. I don't know about that
J4 not going to get followed up on Gary
Jerry was laying down covering fire and
it's now contract in trouble but he's
able to get over the wall. It is just
crazy how much can do just by himself.
Jesus knocked
down like it's a closer one than last
time but they still take the
fight. They're tping down towards bot
lane as B boys finishing off scary
Jerry. He's going to get that
kill and alive but they have nothing to
say about this. Shopify will claim the
game and their second victory of the
split.
Oh, they're having fun.
Sorry. Wow, that's [ __ ] up.
Can we get awake check instead?
I love that. Love to see that. W's all
day. Let's keep that [ __ ] up. Now we got
Halo coming back on for us.
You got to love it, man. Yeah, that's
the passion. Can't hide. It's the
passion. Passion of the game. And don't
ruin my perfect ADA. That is important.
Don't do that. Yeah. What are you
thinking? Who's Who did that? Was that B
getting the kill over on Scary Jerry?
Uh what? Not sure. Anyway, it doesn't
matter. Yeah, pretty much. Aside from
just that Ottakon throw, everything was
just so [ __ ] like methodical.
They were in control start to finish. It
wasn't like a throw with the Oon buff.
Just a little too much dip on their
chip. They gave up with gold. Who cares
on the rumble? He was really a problem.
You know, Castle brought out that
counter pick didn't work out for him.
But we're going to be joining Emily and
Seos on stage for an interview. Very,
very good. Did we start in Halo
cuz we've got another one coming
up. It's a big day.
Fights. It seemed like everyone wanted
to jump on to you. You just kind of
survived and made plays with your team.
How has it been integrating yourself
onto the Shopify team and talk to me
about your role in this game? I think in
the start was a bit hard, right? Because
a new team, I never play with any of the
members. So, I need to like adapt of how
they see the game. But right now, yeah,
we have a Dota team as well. We are
understanding each other really good
inside the game. And about this game was
a really basic front game. They have
rise MF, they want to kill first target.
And we have Azir. We want to do the
same. But Alistar is a bit strong
because he has his ulti, so he's really
hard to die. So around 10 minutes, you
had an amazing damn near on to scary
Jerry uh to kill the MF. Talk me through
that and like are you just going and
calling for that play and the rest of
the team is following you. Yeah, I think
at that time we are seeing someone on
top wave and I recognize MF was kind of
deep on the river. He didn't have like
anywhere to go. So I say to my team,
let's just go MF because he's too deep
and everyone follow. And then I actually
watched you in C a lot. Uh and I know
you had this reputation for being a mind
what is harder to play LOL or Dota in my
experience kind of difficult. How are
you feeling now having played a lot more
games with that? Right now comfortable
with everyone. Uh I'm the type of guy
that needs some time, you know, to like
be friends with everyone. And for me
it's really important to like talk not
not only about league about like life
and stuff. So I think right now I'm
really happy with everyone on the team
and I'm feeling comfortable. Nice. I'm
so happy for you. Welcome to the LTA
North and we will toss it to Kangas and
Raz to close out the day. Nice. Love to
see that. More dubs.