[Applause]
Ah, yes. The Nintendo 64. Nintendo's
bold leap into the world of 3D gaming.
It's a console remembered for many
things. Its legendary library of games,
that wild three-prong controller, but
also for one notorious flaw, the control
stick. Over time, it gets loose, wobbly,
and downright inaccurate, eventually
turning into a sloppy gaming experience.
And without fail, the module ends up
filled with plastic dust. A clear result
of all that wear and tear. Over the
years, there have been promised
solutions that often resulted in
disappointment and controversy. But now,
it appears we have a solution, and it's
this. the all-new all- metal precision
CNC machine control stick replacement
kit that's tighter, tougher, and most
importantly, more accurate than the
original. This is the Renaissance N64
stick. Let's check it out.
[Music]
Hey everyone, how's it going? My name is
Tito and welcome to another episode of
Retro Renew. Today I'm really excited
because we get to take a look at a mod
that promises to fix one of the biggest
design flaws of the Nintendo 64. This is
the Renaissance control stick
replacement. A kit that not only
replaces but upgrades the major
components of the N64 control stick
module. This gives us a way to make our
old controller like new again with some
added customizable features. But first,
let's get into a bit of background on
the N64 analog stick or control stick as
Nintendo referred to it as. Because you
see, it actually has some major
advantages over all modern analog sticks
that we use today. Now, I know you're
thinking, "Tito, I thought you just said
it has a major design flaw." And yes, it
definitely does. But the technology it
uses is better than nearly all modern
analog sticks in almost every way. So,
stick drift is a major problem we've
been hearing a lot about, especially in
recent years, because basically every
modern analog stick will eventually have
this problem. Well, the N64 control
stick will never get stick drift because
it uses different technology. Nearly all
modern analog sticks, such as the ones
found in the Nintendo Joy-Cons or the
PS5 controller, use something called
potentiometers to measure how far you're
pushing the stick in any particular
direction. These potentiometers degrade
over time, resulting in the infamous
stick drift. On the other hand, the
Nintendo 64 uses optical discs that pass
through an optical encoder to measure
the distance traveled on the stick.
These never wear out, are more accurate,
and are impervious to problems like
stick drift. So then, what exactly is
the fatal flaw of the Nintendo 64
control stick? To help break it down, I
actually spoke with Cali, a high-ranking
Super Mario 64 speedrunner who knows the
quirks and pitfalls of the N64 control
stick better than almost anyone. Now,
me, I'm just a casual Nintendo 64 user.
But Cali, on the other hand, puts many
N64 controllers through some serious
stress on a daily basis. So, let's hand
it over to him for some insight into the
issues with the original N64 control
stick.
Hey Tito, thanks for having me on. For
those who don't know, I'm Cali, a top
level Super Mario 64 speedrunner, and I
have a lot of experience with the N64
controller. Now, the N64 controller
actually has a design that promotes a
lot of good characteristics, things that
are desirable, especially competitively.
Things such as high accuracy, high
precision, and good feel. Unfortunately,
it is created entirely out of plastic,
which results in very quick wear. And
this wear gets rid of those
characteristics which obviously is not
desirable. For example, I had a steel
bowl when I first started speedrunning
and a steel bowl will reduce the rate of
wear on an OEM stick and even then I was
replacing the stick maybe once every 6
months. So during those 6 months, the
stick was constantly wearing the values
and feel were changing. I constantly was
adapting and then I would have to
replace the stick entirely with another
one, which one, it's hard to get your
hands on just another stick. that's of
good quality. Two, OEM parts vary
considerably from part to part. So,
you're going to have to adjust all over
again
completely. That's not good. You want
consistency. You want to be able to rely
on the controller and not have to
constantly be readjusting and fighting
it. The Renaissance project addresses
all of these concerns and gets rid of
them, and it has been great. Back to
Tito and he'll tell you more. Awesome.
Thanks so much for that, Cali. So yeah,
while the N64 control stick does have
some great qualities like impressive
accuracy and precision, unfortunately
durability isn't one of them due
primarily to its all plastic
construction. And like he mentioned,
there have been some attempted solution
over the years, but many of them fell
short. We've seen failed crowdfunding
campaigns, limited production runs, and
monthslong wait lists, making it nearly
impossible for most people to actually
get their hands on these upgrades.
There's actually a really great video by
Retromeister that dives deep into the
full history of these attempts. I'll
have that link down below in the video
description if you want to check it out.
Well, fast forward to today and it looks
like that the Renaissance kit might
finally be the accessible long-term fix
that Nintendo 64 fans have been waiting
for. The creator of the Nintender,
Rocker Gaming, who I featured on this
channel before, has teamed up with TA to
develop this highquality replacement
that upgrades the core components of the
original Nintendo 64 control stick. It's
super easy to install and I'll be
showing you how to do it in just a
minute. Each kit includes a precision
machined stick with removable thumb cap,
a highly polished hardened steel bowl
housed in a newly injection molded
composite carrier, a brand new injection
molded gate, and a full set of tools for
installation and finetuning. So, how
does this new kit solve Nintendo's fatal
flaw? Well, it all starts with the
materials. The original design was made
entirely of plastic components. plastic
rubbing against plastic over time. That
constant friction produces a fine dust
which only increases resistance and
accelerates wear and tear. It's a recipe
for self-destruction. This is why you
want materials that exhibit low wear and
have minimal friction. The Renaissance
kit utilizes a plastic nub on the end of
the all- metal control stick, which will
glide over the highly polished hardened
steel bowl, which is extremely resilient
and scratch resistant, meaning it can
withstand a ton of abuse without
degrading. And I have to say, when
installed, the results are night and
day. It's firm, responsive, and buttery
smooth. So, with that, let me show you
just how easy it is to install the
Renaissance kit into your Nintendo 64
controller. But before we jump into
that, let me first tell you about the
sponsor of today's video, PCB Way. If
you have an idea for a new mod or want
to assemble an open-source project, PCB
Way provides you with the tools to make
them a reality. from 3D printing
services in an array of materials all
the way to other services like CNC
machining, injection molding, and of
course PCB and flex ribbon fabrication.
So, when it comes to taking your retro
mods to the next level, PCB Way is the
place to make that happen. Check out the
link in the description for PCB Way to
get $5 off your first order. And again,
a huge thank you to PCB Way for
sponsoring this video. All right, with
that out of the way, let's go ahead and
get started installing the Renaissance
kit. All right, so today's subject is
this Atomic Purple controller, which has
a control stick that would be considered
tight, but does have a bit of wobble.
So, before installing it, let's do a
quick test to see what condition it's
currently in, so we can later compare it
to the Renaissance kit we're about to
install. This here is a pretty cool
little Nintendo 64 controller tester
that Rocker Gaming made when developing
the Renaissance Kit. You can actually
download a ROM that does the same thing
using a Nintendo 64 flash cart. So, you
can also do your own testing and dial in
the settings that you want. Anyway,
after running through a few of the
control stick tests, we can see that
this is quite a bit off from what a
quote perfect stick would perform like.
Ideally, we want 85s in all of the
cardinal directions and 45s for each of
the diagonals. Diagonals look pretty
decent, but the cardinal directions are
all over the place, running from 79 all
the way to 91. Okay, so we got our test
results. Now, let's replace it. To
start, we'll flip the controller over
and remove all nine screws, two of which
are inside of the accessory
[Music]
port. Once the shell is out, we can
remove the Z button PCB and membrane
from the control stick module.
Now we can go ahead and unplug the
control stick from the controller PCB
and remove the three screws securing it
to the top
shell. With the module out, remove this
single screw here on the bottom. And
then very gently lift the two tabs,
which is all that's left securing the
gate. So be careful not to break these
because we will be reusing that bottom
piece. Okay, with the top off, we can
really see all this plastic dust and
debris inside of the bowl, which is
basically caused by all that plastic on
plastic wear and tear. And it's pretty
bad. This is actually quite a bit worse
than I thought it was going to look.
Anyway, we'll need to remove this
gear, the encoder
PCB, and the
bowl. Next, we're going to need to
remove the encoder wheels. For this,
just pull the retaining tabs out, and
then they should just come out.
Next, we'll need to push in the tension
spring so we can twist and pull out the
control stick. This will allow us to
grab the remaining parts that we'll need
to reuse, which is the gear, retaining
nylon
washer, and the tension
spring. And as you can see, yet again,
all these parts are layered in plastic
dust, which just further exacerbates
wear and tear.
Okay. So, here you can see all the parts
that we'll be reusing, which are the
gears, encoder wheels, tension spring,
washer, encoder PCB, and the lower
housing. Now, before we reassemble the
control stick with the new parts, I
decided to use the ultrasonic cleaner to
give them a very deep clean. This is
completely optional, and you can simply
use something like a microfiber towel to
remove all that plastic dust. I mean,
just look at all of that debris coming
off of these parts. Man, these things
were really
dirty. And I'm actually really happy
with how clean these came out. Anyway,
once the parts are completely dry, we
can start to reassemble. The first thing
we're going to grab is the hardened
steel bowl, which does come very nicely
packaged. Here's a close-up of the
polished finish of the bowl, which is
pretty remarkable. I mean, just look at
that reflection. So, to prep everything,
we're going to go ahead and add some
plastic safe grease to a few of the
contact points. I'm personally using
Molly Coat, but I'll leave a few links
to some other greases that Rocker Gamer
recommends. So, the first place we're
going to add grease will be for the
encoder wheels shown here. You'll only
need a very small amount. Less is more
for these
applications. Now, we can go ahead and
slide these encoder wheels back onto the
bowl. And you can see that there are
channels here that allows you to slide
them into place.
[Music]
Now we can go ahead and place the bowl
into the lower housing. It's a bit of a
tight fit, but it does snap nicely into
place.
Next, we're going to place some more
grease at these four pivot points for
the gears. While this is optional, it is
strongly recommended as this will allow
the gears to last for a longer time and
perform better. And again, less is
more. And the last place we'll lubricate
is the bowl itself. You just want to add
a very light
coating. Okay, now we can grab the gate
and begin to remove the set screw. I
really like that they added a brass
insert here, which really shows the
attention to detail in all aspects of
this kit. Nicely done. Next, just grab
the stick and install it into the gate
as
shown. Now, grabbing the tension spring,
you'll notice that this side is wider
and this side is narrower. You want the
narrow side to be placed inside the gate
like this.
Then you can grab the nylon washer and
ensure that this lip here is facing down
on the inside part of the spring and
that this flat part here on the ring is
aligned with that brass
insert. All right, so here you can see
we have the short gear and on top we
have the long gear. Let's go ahead and
grab the short gear. You'll want to
install it as shown and pivot it on its
axis so that it locks in place.
Then you'll need to carefully align this
part of the gear here with again the
brass insert, ensuring that the stick
does remain locked in while doing
so. You want this elongated part of the
bottom of the stick to be perpendicular
to the
gear. Now we can go ahead and drop in
the long gear, making sure it's centered
in the
bowl. Next, we'll put the two halves
together. And we want to make sure that
this part of the stick goes right here
into the center of the gear.
[Music]
And lastly, once it's snapped in and the
stick appears to be centered and
working, use the set screw to secure the
module. Just remember to not
overtighten. All right, the Renaissance
kit is installed. Now it's just a matter
of putting it all back together.
[Music]
[Music]
Fantastic. stick. And that's how easy it
is to install the Renaissance
kit. Now, like I alluded to earlier in
the video, this makes just an absolute
night and day difference in how the
control stick feels. So, from a pearly
tactile standpoint, it's already a
worthwhile upgrade in my opinion. Just
comparing it to the original one that I
have makes me never want to go back. But
now, let's see if that improved feel
translates into better performance. To
find out, we're going to run through the
controller test sweep just a few more
times. So here we can see we got some
fantastic results. All our cardinal
directions are close to or beyond the
range of a perfect factory stick with
results greater than 85 and our
diagonals are very close to the 45°
mark. Just as a reminder, this is what
we had with the original stick before
replacing it and what would typically be
considered tight if sold on a
marketplace like eBay. Again, a perfect
stick would have 85s in all of the
cardinal directions with 45s at each of
the diagonals. The cardinal directions
on the older stick is just all over the
place, ranging from 79 all the way to 91
and with the diagonals not being too bad
with downright just being a bit off the
mark. So, a definite tangible
improvement even before making some
tweaks which the Renaissance kit allows
you to do. But don't take my word for it
because I'm again a very casual Nintendo
64 user. I was able to reach out to
another speedrunner named Trey Bardau
who ranks in the top 10 of several
speedrunning categories for Mario 64 and
he's been using the Renaissance kit for
a while now and this is what he had to
say. Big thanks to Tito for having me.
I've been on the Renaissance stick for
about a month now around 60 hours in and
honestly it's incredible. The
performance hasn't dropped one bit and
it's still as precise as it was on the
first day that I used it. My favorite
part is that I'm able to tweak the
angles all without even opening the
controller. As a speedrunner who's gone
from cheap Amazon controllers to OEM
sticks, this is the closest to
perfection that I've found. It saves
money, saves time, with minimal
maintenance, and no replacements. And
with OG N64 controllers getting more
scarce over time, this is a total
gamecher. No more playing the controller
lottery. No more spending $70 plus
dollars just for a chance at a good
controller. I really couldn't recommend
it more. Anyways, thank you so much,
Tito. Back to you. Awesome. Thanks for
that, Trey. Honestly, if the Renaissance
is good enough for both Calli and Trey
Bardau, who put their N64 controllers
through the ringer on a daily basis,
then it's definitely good enough for me.
Anyway, the Renaissance kit is shipped
ready to be used with no tweaking
necessary. However, if you want to
further dial in the feel and
performance, the Renaissance kit allows
you to do this, which brings me to the
features. So, I kind of want to adjust
my control stick to be more in line with
a perfect OEM controller, which is again
represented by that teal colored
octagon. As you can see, my performance
results are marked with the green
octagon and is outside of the teal
colored one, which in many regards is
better than OEM as it makes the
controller have a wider range and more
precision. So, what we're going to do is
remove the cap from the stick with the
included Torx driver.
And then we're also going to want to
remove the bottom of the shell so we can
eventually remove the control stick
module. We're going to leave it plugged
into the controller because I will be
measuring my changes as I make them. You
can actually download a ROM to measure
all the changes you're making and is
very similar to the device that Rocker
Gaming let me borrow for this video.
Anyway, the first adjustment we can do
is by taking the included Allen key and
fitting it inside of the stick like
this. By twisting it to the right, it
pushes the nub outward, increasing the
range of motion and extending it beyond
the teal octagon. For certain games,
that extra range can actually be an
advantage. Twisting it to the left
allows the nub to be pushed inward,
decreasing the range, giving the
opposite effect. Now, you'll notice that
my range is a bit lopsided towards the
right. So, another adjustment we can do
is by loosening the set screw on the
bottom of the module and slightly
shifting the gate and then retightening.
By messing with these adjustments, I was
eventually able to get a pretty tight
adjustment that's very close to what's
considered to be a perfect stick. So,
adjustability is just another one of the
great features of the Renaissance kit,
giving the user the exact feel and range
of motion they desire for better overall
performance. Now, another great feature
are the materials used. The all- metal
design of the stick and bowl ensure that
these components last a very long time
and maintain that tight and responsive
feel. So, overall, it's a fantastic kit
with some fantastic features. But now,
let's get into the pros and cons.
Starting with the pros, I think
durability is right up there at the top.
This thing will probably last forever
with proper maintenance for an average
user like me. It was designed with
speedrunners in mind, which are probably
the people who are going to be the
hardest on these sticks. Another pro is
the adjustability of the sticks. Being
able to change the range of motion with
the internal set screw is pretty
incredible with further minor tweaking
to the gates position. Additionally, the
nub, which is a wear item, is
replaceable with non-proprietary parts,
meaning you can buy it for just a few
cents from other companies, and it'll
likely be in production for the
foreseeable future. Rucker Gaming will
also be selling these nubs on his store,
but there are other options. Also, the
removable cap allows you to further
customize the control stick. Right now,
I think only black and clear are
available, but I can see other styles,
like perhaps a concave design or maybe
one with a rubberized material for
better grip coming down the road.
Another big plus is availability.
Previous kits often stumbled here. They
were notoriously hard to get your hands
on, but I'm told these will be regularly
in stock and ready to be purchased. That
said, we'll have to wait and see how it
plays out. I'm told that the initial
orders will take around 3 weeks to
fulfill, but that turnaround time is
expected to improve moving forward. Of
course, with the current environment,
it's anyone's guess how these supply
chains will hold up, but I'm hopeful
that these will be readily available.
And it does seem like Rocker Gaming and
Tao are making availability a top
priority. And the last pro, the looks. I
mean, come on, these things just look
awesome on the N64 controller. That
clean machine metal finish just gives a
very premium vibe. I'm a total sucker
for metal replacement parts and this one
definitely delivers. Anyway, those are
the pros, but now let's get into the
cons. And really, I just have one. And
guys, I'm not going to sugarcoat it for
you. This thing is pretty expensive. The
Renaissance kit, which includes the
bowl, stick, cap, injection molded gate,
and the tools, will cost
$16464, which is wicked expensive. But
hear me out. To get an analog stick that
remotely feels close to this and
performs as good, you would most likely
need to buy a brand new Nintendo 64
controller, which obviously is in short
supply and getting smaller by the day
and is pretty darn expensive in and of
itself. Coupling that with the fact that
they wear out pretty quick, makes this a
pretty good proposition. Now, if you're
just a casual gamer like me, a mod like
this may be overkill, but think of it
this way. The control stick is your
primary interface with nearly all
Nintendo 64 titles. So, why settle for
this when you could have this? So, where
can you pick one of these up? For now,
Rocker Gaming is selling these
exclusively at his Etsy store, which
I'll link down below. He also has some
other cool stuff there, like, of course,
the Nintender, as well as other
customizing accessories and mods for the
Nintendo 64 controller. Actually, really
dig this stand that he sent over with
the kits, which are perfect for
displaying that newly installed
Renaissance stick. Also, be sure to
follow Rocker Gaming on Twitter for all
the latest updates on the Renaissance
kit, and keep an eye out for future
upgrades from him. Word is he's working
on replacement gears as well. That means
yet another part will be able to swap
out in case yours ever wears out. Well,
folks, there you have it. The
Renaissance kit from Rocker Gaming and
Tao, the last control stick you'll
likely ever need for your Nintendo 64
controller. Now, also just as a
reminder, I do have a second channel
which I'll have linked in the video
description. So, definitely check that
out. I have other content there, a
little bit more casual, and I go over
sort of smaller mods that I wouldn't
necessarily cover on this channel. So,
again, I'll have that link down below
for you to check out. Now, if you
enjoyed this video, I really think
you'll like this one here, so check it
out. And as always, thank you all so
much for tuning in today, and I'll catch
you again next time.
[Music]