Happy Switch 2 directive everybody. It
is way too early in the morning for this
and yet here I am. So, let's give this a
watch. What is this GameCube ass
intro? Oh, we're just leading off with
the new Mario Kart right away. That
makes sense. Something you've already
seen, but a lot of people really want
since, you know, Switch Mario Kart sold
8 billion. That's Let's go. Yahoo.
[Music]
Oh, Pauline. What's our gimmick this
time? Are we going to be anti-gra,
upside down? Do we still got gliders?
Presumably. Oh, hover bikes. Snow. All
the vehicles. I still don't like what
they did with Donkey Kong's face. I
don't like it. I know it's supposed to
more match the movie, but I don't.
No. What? Oh, just a cow. You confirmed
Mumu Farms is back and they're pissed.
What? What?
I Oh no. Oh
no. Peach and booty shorts. Oh no. Okay,
so we got we got some costumes gimmick
going on. Okay. Am I eating a burger? I
mean, it's kind of crazy because we
haven't actually had like a new Mario
Kart in like the globe. What? 13 years.
Like we had the Wii U port. The DLC for
it was awesome. Will change, but this is
the first time where it's like an actual
new Mario Kart. So that's kind of crazy.
There's going to be so much art in
cosplay just from this game alone. My
god. World in free roam. Is there a free
roam
mode? Show me the battle royale mode.
Mario Kart Battle Royale. Come on. Play
as Nintendo Switch 2. That actually
looks pretty sick. Details about this
title will be shared in an upcoming
Mario Kart World Direct. Kids, you like
them directs? Look out for more. Want
some more? In the future. We'll give you
some more directs. First one's free.
Come back in two weeks. And on the right
Joycon 2, tell me about that C button.
We've added a new C
button. Whoa, they changed the Switch
logo. Now it goes that way instead of
this
way. Me Discord play. That's just
Discord.
C for Discord. Are you trying to tell me
that Nintendo has somehow figured out
how online play chat works? While
playing a game. Should we follow you?
Whoa. Uh, color me skeptical. All right,
let's keep going. That's going to sound
like ass.
It's literally just
Discord. They built Discord in. Did you
see someone just like go on top of that?
But you didn't want to pay Discord for
it.
Above that wall that's to your left. I
mean, you know, I'm glad it's built in,
but that is crusty. So, basically, if
you ever want to hang out with your
friends or play with friends, you press
the C button. So, on my Switch 2, I will
never press that button. Now, keep in
mind, like every single one of these
people are like in a studio space where
they're very well lit, so it looks
semidecent there, but like most people
at home are just going to have like
their lights off with like maybe a lamp
with half a working bulb. So the real
question is like will people use this
over just something like Discord? Cuz
personally I feel like Discord has kind
of become like the Nintendo Switch
deacto multiplayer gaming chat service.
So like really how many people are going
to use that over their discord and how
many people don't know about it will be
required to use game chat and you got to
pay for it. That actually is kind of
nice with compatible games. I'm glad
they're updating previous games to have
stuff like that.
We'd like to show you how many takes do
you think that took them
[Music]
at 7.9.
I don't know why that's funny. Nintendo
Switch, but Nintendo be like same
thickness.
That's That's just funny to me. Sorry.
Oh, thank God. And SR buttons are
bigger. Those small buttons were kind of
awful to use on the Joycon.
Are they going to drift though? Or
charging in tabletop mode. Great. Good.
Finally, we could charge the Switch and
not have the cable coming out of the
bottom.
Oh, it is 4K. Use the Nintendo Switch 2
dock to connect to your TV and enable up
to 4K resolution for compatible games.
HDR built-in land support. Also great.
Nintendo Switch 2 isn't simply an
improved Nintendo Switch. Um, we kind of
digital game on the same day. Oh, you're
not including it in the console. So,
please check it out if you're
interested. Yeah, you should just put
that in there for everybody. I'd like to
share some more information. This is the
game card for Nintendo Switch 2 titles.
Okay, but how do they taste? And now,
the Nintendo Switch 2 launch date.
Nintendo Switch. Nintendo Switch 2
launch on June 5th. What? Oh my god.
very much looking forward to the day
when you all get to experience it. So,
please wait just that soon. I was like
going to be hopeful for like an August
release date. Super Mario Party
Jamberee. What? Please take a look. Oh,
I got by Mario Party again.
Give free upgrades or discounted
upgrades or something, dude. Oh, I'm
getting like Mario Party 7 vibes.
Remember the connectth
Nintendo Switch already own Super Mario
Party Jambbury
Breath of the Wild now with frame rates.
Nintendo Switch 2 editions of The Legend
of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and The
Legend of Zelda: Tears of the
Kingdom feature enhanced. Actually, yes.
Oh, it needs it. This new feature can it
can help guide you to various locations
like shrines and Corox you haven't found
yet. Guidance activating.
Proceed north. That's actually kind of
handy, but I don't want it to talk at
me. I have never actually finished Tears
of the Kingdom. This would make me go
back and play it again.
More Kirby. This game was so good.
Graphics and frame rates. We hope
forward to Kirby's new adventure. Spring
Kerbo. What did I say? What did I say? I
said this is going to happen. In
addition to standard controls, you can
use mouse controls for intuitive
gameplay on Switch 2.
Mouse mouse controls. I would try it
just in 4K at 60 frames per second or
enjoy smoother action in full HD at 120
frames per second. Choose from Pokemon
Legends ZA, which is Pokemon Scarlet and
Violet. They're like, uh, we can't fix
that. Sorry. We looked into it and we're
like, nope, it's not happening. No
switch to I have long observed the lands
between really
this world is in dire
I color me very surprised the rays of
grace that guide I wonder if Nintendo
went up to him and just went please we
god we need it please help us
out and they're like all right fine
I have no doubt you will be. Just in
case there's anyone out there who still
hasn't played this game. May you take
the throne. Those who are maidenless of
the earth. Oh dude, Hades two nuts on
your face. Got them. Street Fighter 6 on
Switch 2. It's going to let people throw
down in Street Fighter whenever and
wherever they want. They're still doing
amiibo. That was actually pretty cool.
Amiibo to come to Oh, dude. I've been
playing Split Fiction. This game is so
fun.
This game's great. On launch. Hell yeah.
Ysef, say a swear. We like it when you
swear. We're bringing fans together
across the world, both on the grid.
It's in the game. Did they have Madden
on Switch? Honest question. I don't
remember. I don't know. Cuz if they
didn't, kind of a big deal that they're
bringing it back. I forgot this game
came out and a lot of people bought it.
It sold like millions and millions of
copies and they like just recently said
they're canceling the DLC for it for
reasons. I don't know. I'm not a Harry
Potter person at all. So, I didn't
launches on the same day as Switch. I
want to say I heard it was kind of mid,
but people still bought it. Same thing
here. Uh I've never really played the
Tony Hawk games, but I know people love
them. Was it three and four in
particular people really liked and maybe
Underground and the I guess the I don't
know. Are the remakes good? I don't
know
what everything's got to have crossovers
now. Everything crossover with
everything. Put Spongebob and Tony Hawk.
Who cares?
We are bringing our flagship title.
Hitman Agent 47. I've also never played
a Hitman game. I'm sorry. These are a
lot of banger games. Our expanding game
will release on the same day as Switch.
Got
him. Hitman 2 just kind of looks like
Untitled Juice game but with people.
Please be sniper Elite and shoot
somebody in the
balls. What? Wait, they're actually
making a James Bond game
again. That's still happening. James
Bond, the world's favorite spy is coming
to Nintendo Switch. That may not sound
like a big deal, but there used to be,
you know, there have been Bond games all
the time ever since Golden Eye. And the
last one they made was 10 years ago.
Bravely default. Oh, I love Bravely
Default. In high definition,
God, these games were so good. Help you
control the flow of it's a port of
Bravely Default one, which you know
that's fine. I'd rather something new,
but Oh man, these games are good. If you
have not played Bravely Default, please.
That's so good. Of God, I love that
game.
Are you going to yakas
me? Oh
no. Director's cut.
What's in the director's cut? This game
was incredible. Like I'm slowly going
through all the Yakuza games myself. I'm
I've got zero through four done, but my
god, zero
is amazing. I want all of them. Holy
crap.
Hyrule Warriors
3. Oh. Actually, now we're doing a Tears
of the Kingdom Warriors. Time a terrible
evil arose. I was actually thinking
about Hyru Warriors just the other day.
Like, hey, that game is kind of fun.
What if I went back and played it? I was
like, no, never mind. I don't have 160
hours to spare. Wait, not not a Warriors
game. Just another Zelda game as Zelda.
Oh, no. It's okay, never mind. It's a
Warriors game. Never mind.
I as long as the story is actually good
because the Age of
Calamity Warriors they did were like
we're going to expand the characters in
the story. It was I mean the story was
not
great. And I actually liked original
Hyro Warriors more than Age of
Calamity, but this could be
neat. I'll play it. Absolutely. Damn,
they're coming out swinging. membership
benefit exclusively on Switch 2.
GameCube games. Please take a look at
this. Hit
me. Yeah. Yes. Finally.
Nintendo expansion pack. I even kind of
called it at the beginning of the
stream. We're going to do You're going
to do like what? Luigi's Mansion, Mario
Sunshine, uh Wind Waker Legend of Zelda
game that looks like a cartoon come to
life. Wind Waker and Twilight Princess
HD to switch to you bastards.
Oh, Soulcalibur 2. Oh, now that's a good
choice. Hell yeah.
Dude, this game is so good. Absolutely.
Because of Link. I mean, the game itself
was great. But from the Legend of Zelda
series, I never played the Gamecube FZ a
whole lot cuz it's
hard in death races. Good choices.
Featuring the series. Maybe they
wouldn't do Mario Sunshine since they
had the HD version on Switch. Double
Dash locally or online. Or no, Double
Dash cuz you want people to buy Mario
Kart 9. Enjoy. More titles will be added
in the future.
[Music]
Ooh, Gale of Dark. Good. Good choices.
Good choices. And uh after that, that's
it. That's all the good GameCube games
that are left to Nintendo. Dude, they
put the old Mario Parties on there.
Mario Party 4, five, six, and seven, I
guess. But four and five for sure. with
online play. A dedicated controller
designed after the original GameCube
controller will also be released. Oh, I
want that. You can connect wirelessly
and also has a C button to quickly
access. I want that, too. Here you go,
Smash Brothers players. There's more.
What?
I need an
adult.
Oh, I forgot Delta Rune exists.
I'm glad I forgot it exists. I am I'm
I'm choosing to just kind
of be done and away with that. I'm sure
those who really like it are still
really loving it. And good good on them.
And Lord knows Toby Fox knows how to
design some games and make
music, but I just I just can't with
these games anymore. Hi, I'm Randy from
Gearbox. Not Randy Pitchford.
Borderlands 4. Our upcoming flagship
Borderlands game will launch on Nintendo
Switch 2. Cool. I'm glad. That's great.
I'm glad. I I don't like Randy
Pitchford as a personapons. Don't people
not like Civilization already. So, guide
your people throughout the ages. Maybe
make the game good first, which that's
usually how it goes for Civilization
games. It comes out, everyone like,
"Hey, this sucks." And then like a I
don't know 6 months, a year later,
they're like, "Oh my god, this is
awesome." Switch. That said, I barely
touched Civilization 6. Love Civ 5,
though. You can experience mouse
controls in Switch 2 by purchasing.
Actually, using the mouse controls on
this would be kind of slick. I'm Dave
Krooks from Dodge Roll.
Oo, Enter the Dungeon. Here's the first
look at Enter the Dungeon 2. Oh, dude.
Enter the Dungeon was so good. Now
they're doing a second one. It's an aim
for in our rogike shooter sequel. Now
reloaded in a new 3D art style. I kind
of like the pixel art, though. expect
some fan favorite elements to return.
We're still working on the game and
we're excited to share more with you in
the future. Like I feel like this is
going to be actually harder to follow
the action without the pixel art. I hope
all these do well because we've seen
this kind of thing before with Switch
system. Remember in the Wii U it was
coming out and it's like hey it's going
to have Batman and Mass Effect and
Assassin's Creed like oh that's great.
And then they just didn't sell at all
and then we just didn't see like big
third party titles on the Wii U at all.
I mean, it's also probably mostly the
fault of the Wii U. So, when the Switch
came out, it didn't have a lot of huge
third party support like this until, you
know, it started selling millions. So,
I'm glad it's starting strong and I hope
it continues to sell strong. And they're
putting Final Fantasy 7 on the Switch 2.
Final Fantasy 7 on my on my Nintendo
console. It just feels so dirty. Silkong
2 this
year. Switch 2 edition of Story of
Seasons. Yep. I uh play as a baby.
Psychic baby.
[Music]
What? Wild Hearts is still a thing. I
also kind of forgot that exists. Ooh,
Switch version of Witch
Brook Poo Poo Tetris
2. Another rune factory. Way more
anime. This game's going to be good.
This is from the same people who did the
Tnt Shredders Revenge. So like I want to
play the new Marvel one too. You have
Fortnite's in it.
[Music]
Fort Arcade Archives
Ridgeer. A new Professor Leighton.
That art looks awesome. Yeah. The next
game will be the last from our
publishing and development partners.
One last one last big whammy.
Same
brother.
Uhoh. Oh. Oh, it's a From Software game.
They wouldn't they wouldn't like
Bloodborne 2 or anything like that,
right? There's no no
shot. But people love them from software
games. Yeah. This looks um too
nice to be uh Bloodborne
2. What in the world?
Oh. Oh, but it actually is full
vampire. Look pretty open world. That
thing have
titties. Go up. Close your eyes. I'm
intrigued. Or you can go T-Rex
mode. Cool. Long John's brother. Dusk
Bloods. That looks intriguing. I doubt
that's a Nintendo Switch 2 exclusive.
Like there's no
shop. Like that's for sure going to come
to PS5 as well, but that looks really
cool. It is an exclusive. Shut up. What
you just saw was a brand new game by
From Software. [ __ ] All right. I was
wrong. Got me. Please take a look at
this. We're not done. Oh no. Nintendo's
first party. Big
whammy. Nintendo's like, "We still got
us, baby. Check this out. He's more
turbo.
He's more turbo. Hey little
guy. Star's
broken. You need a
jump? Yeah. Get
it. Faster. You're
faster. Wait. Air
ride. Air ride.
[Music]
It's a hair
ride on the
[Music]
fridge riders. What better? Dude, that
game was so fun. I mean, they got to
bring back the like city mode.
Masahiro Sakurai. He's like, "Please,
let me do something for me. I don't want
a Smash Brothers for a little bit. Let
me Kirby." Next is our last trailer for
today. Oh, please take a look. Okay.
More. Still still going.
What am I looking at? I got nothing. I
don't
[Music]
know. Everything has eyeballs.
[Music]
Poker. Is that Diddy Kong? No, those are
just
monkeys. Unless Donkey
[Music]
Kong with his terrible new
face. Ah.
Open world Donkey
Kong. I I I don't like his face. I'll
say it. I like the old one where he just
looks a little angrier, frankly. That's
what it is. He just looks angry. And
this one, he's all
like, "Let's have a wacky good time."
Jesus, the destructibility of the
environment, though. Wow. Donkey Kong um
diggers. That's actually kind of cool.
to Donkey Kong with the geomod
system. Some of you know what I'm
talking about. Why' they give you
pants? Oh, that looks
cool. Got to have those 2D levels. Yeah,
he just looks like they're making him
more
wacky. And then he gets Major's masked.
You know, that sucks.
Oh, no. No. Don't show her. No. No. I
There's going to be some There's some
people out there who see that and
they're already thinking they're being
unwise.
No. Did they shrink his
tie? I feel like they made his tie
smaller, too. That actually looks sick,
though. With incredible strength. I
can't believe it's that early. Finally,
here are the How much did it cost you
joining us today? Thank you very much.
You didn't you didn't want to tell us
that part. That was pretty good. That
was that was a lot of stuff. A lot of
surprises in there I wasn't expecting.
Big thing. The fact that coming out in
June
already, way early than I was expecting.
Very surprising. Mario, the new Mario
Kart actually looks cool. I mean, Game
Chat just kind of seems like Nintendo
playing catch-up and they just kind of
found a way to integrate Discord right
into the console itself. Higher
resolution, better frame rate. Zelda
games desperately needed that. the uh
Mario Party upgrade like capture that u
the Metroid Prime 4 like the it's 4K
like that would have been a huge mistake
if they didn't have that. There is a lot
of
ports but like all those ports are like
bangers. Yakaza Zero, Elden Ring coming
to it. Uh the new Hyrule Warriors game.
Hopefully it's closer to Hyrule Warriors
1 than Hyrule Warriors 2. I'm got a
feeling it's going to be closer to two.
And then they finally announced the
GameCube games coming, which I'm so glad
for. And I'm glad that a lot of the
GameCube games they chose are like kind
of ones aren't as readily available.
It's weird to do like Wind Waker instead
of just porting the HD versions off of
Wii U and put it on the Switch 2. They
really need to get on that. But the fact
they're doing stuff like Soulcalibur 2
is really, really cool. And F0 GX and
then, you know, coming soon is going to
be the Pokemon games. I wonder if
they'll find a way to make it so you can
like transfer those into the current
Pokemon games or something using Pokemon
Home or whatever. Probably not, but like
that would be great. And again, like the
third party support is actually really
really strong this time, especially
compared to the Switch one. Even even
it's not a lot of games that I care
about. Stuff like uh Civilization 7 or
Borderlands 4 or uh the sports games
like those coming to Switch, that's a
big deal. It's kind of a big win for
Nintendo. Uh, oh, Enter the Dungeon 2.
Really excited for that one because I
loved Enter the Dungeon one. I I'm not
sold on the art style. I feel like
that's going to be more visually busy
than just the clean, clear pixels, but
I'm ready to be wrong about that one.
Yeah, the fact that Cyberpunk 2077 is
coming. The fact they're putting Final
Fantasy 7 remake onto the Switch is
crazy to me. I am actually I actually
really like Bravely Default, so an HD
remaster, that sounds awesome as well.
And again, if you haven't played H
Bravely Default, you're like, I miss old
classic Final Fantasy. It exists. It's
called Bravely Default. Play Bravely
Default. Even some like some of the
smaller announcements that maybe some
people kind of looked over like there's
a new Professor Lighten coming and it
looks fantastic. That's awesome. The uh
what was that game called? Blood
Fellows. Blood Buddies. The vampire game
from From Software. The fact that's
Nintendo Switch exclusive like really
didn't think that was going to be
exclusive at all. It has to be timed
exclusive, right? There's no way they
like wouldn't bring that to other
consoles cuz it actually looks really
cool. A new air Kirby new Kirby Airide
is awesome cuz that's one of those like,
you know, GameCube games that so many
people love, but they always kind of
talk highly about it, but not a lot of
people play it, but it's actually really
fun, especially if they keep the city
mode. And the new Donkey Kong actually
looks really fun, too. They I feel like
they took Mario Odyssey and just said,
"What if we made it a little more
actionpacked?" So, like there's a little
more combat in that. So, you're throwing
stuff, you're punching more, you're
breaking stuff and and all that. And
that seems to kind of be the concept for
Donkey Kong. I think I prefer that over
just seeing a Mario Odyssey 2, which is
cool, especially since this is just
different from the Donkey Kong Country
games, which have been
fantastic. But yeah, that looks like it
could be really fun as well. Big
question though, do we even have a price
yet? $450.
Oh, I mean I guess that's just the world
we live in now. That is that is more
expensive than I would have liked. I
mean I mean it makes sense, but that's
tough. That that's $450 for the
non-bundle version. That's pretty
expensive. Overall, good stuff. Good
games coming to it. I I mean the console
itself doesn't like do a lot of huge
excitement for it for me because it
frankly it is just an upgraded Switch.
They can say whatever it is it's just an
upgraded Switch which that's all they
really needed to do with how successful
the Switch was. They just need to make
it so that it had some hardware power in
there and it could actually keep up with
everyone else. I'm curious to see how
long that will last. Like will it be
like 2 3 years and then all the games
are just too big and outclass the
everything on the Switch 2? Like could
we see a PlayStation 6 equivalent come
in and make Switch 2 look like garbage?
Cuz that's how the Switch One was for
like 5 years, maybe a little bit more.
But at least the games on it were good.
Ultimately, as long the games on it are
good, and it looks like they're going to
be, that looks great. But yeah, excited
for Switch 2. Very surprised at how soon
it's coming. that's only 2 months away
and I'm very very poor. So, please like
the video, leave a comment down below.
What was your favorite thing to see from
the Switch 2? Uh, subscribe to the
channel if you haven't already and
always let me know if you want to see
more reaction style videos like this and
I'll be curious to hear your thoughts.
Thanks for watching everybody. I really
appreciate it. And uh if you need to
find me come June uh 2nd, uh I'll be on
the streets homeless because I bought a
Switch,