If you were to Google the question, "How
many Nintendo consoles are there?" The
very reliable and always accurate AI
will inform you there are 32, which is a
lot. Nintendo has been a face in the
gaming industry longer than most, and
they have in fact put out many consoles.
So, you'd think, given their extensive
history of making these machines that
they'd have it down to a te. They should
know how to make a great console, and
they
do on occasion, but Nintendo also really
likes to do things different, which has
led to some fascinating weak spots. Now,
the Switch 2 is seemingly being kept as
close to the Switch One as possible, so
Nintendo minimizes the risk and
guarantees that their longest running
and most successful home console can
reincarnate. But there's a lot of ways
it can go wrong, as it has before. And
so today, I just wanted to take some
time for a nice little stroll down
memory lane, every single Nintendo
console and its biggest flaw. I only
want to do major consoles released
internationally to mark generations and
some of their revisions. I don't really
think talking about the OLED Switch or
the Wii RVL 101 is super important.
Don't even get me started on the IQ.
This list is also going to have some
opinions. There's a lot of very good
consoles that don't have any obvious
flaws, so you kind of got to nitpick,
and that's not going to be a challenge
for me. Also, I'm going to try to stick
to things chronologically, but uh
neurode divergence activate. I want to
kind of bounce around. I want to bounce
on it. Let's kick off the day easy and
take it back to 1983.
The early8s is a time filled with iconic
culture and video
games. Video games blow. Imagine the
most unbelievable dick sucker jank
glitchy shovelware you've ever played.
And now imagine that's all you're able
to buy in
1983 and it's made by Pyina and your
kids die too. In the dog food video game
era, where bad games made by people who
don't care about them are the dominant
life form, the market learns the
powerful move called contempt.
Rightfully so. Games had become
expensive, loweffort attempts to
capitalize on what developers saw and
were forcing others to see as a trend.
This event became known as the video
game crash of 1983. And things were
bleak for a while until in 1985 when
Nintendo delivers on to the shores of
North America, the Nintendo
Entertainment System where you know the
games have to be good because they have
the Nintendo seal of
quality. Huh. You know the history from
here. The NES is a crazy hit. Challenges
people to look at video games the way we
know them today. Appears in
Beethoven. Given that the NES had such a
huge part in turning the video game
industry around, it is really difficult
to say it has any sort of flaws. But for
us Americans, there is one key side
effect of such a savior complex. Because
people at the time were so hyper
sensitive after the crash to anything
looking like a video game console,
Nintendo designed the NES to look more
like a VCR. Instead of the cartridge
going on top, it goes in the front. But
the NES became notorious for bootup
errors because of a bending the pin
connectors when the cartridge is shoved
downward and b buildup of grime inside
the cartridge groin area, which is why
people started blowing on cartridges and
sometimes inside the console and why
Nintendo released an official cleaning
kit in 1989. The infamous blinking red
light that is, hey, no longer the first
red blinking light you think of when
discussing console failures. This led
Nintendo to release the NES top loader,
which aside from looking ugly as hell
physically, god damn, did your mother
cry out of pity when she had you? It is
far more reliable than the NES in terms
of loading software, but removes the AV
output and is RF only, meaning that the
visuals take some damage. There is
constant debate over which console is
better, taking all the flaws into
consideration. And if I can weigh in on
this, if you have an original NES, just
clean it, bro. It ain't that
[Music]
deep. Everything. Where do I Where do I
even start? The Virtual Boy was intended
to be the third pillar, not a successor
to either, at the time, the Super
Nintendo or the Game Boy. It was going
to receive support and be its own thing.
If that sounds familiar, Nintendo tries
this often. The DS was supposed to be a
third pillar to the Game Boy Advance,
and the Gamecube, the Switch, was
supposed to be a third pillar to the Wii
U and 3DS. My stepdad, he started out as
a third pillar. It never works out. And
if it does, not for very long. You can
make an argument that the closest
they've got was mobile during the eighth
gen, but a year from their first mobile
game and we'd see the launch of the
Switch, oh my god, fourpillar. I say
this next part in complete hindsight
bias. There's no way Nintendo could have
known then, but this plus one approach
was probably the earliest indication as
to something going wrong with Virtual
Bizoy. But then it launches in 1995 for
a staggering $180. It is cut off in
Japan in less than 6 months where it
received only 22 games, 14 for us, after
selling approximately only 800,000
units. Its biggest sin, it introduces
Magami Tensei to the West like the
invasive species it
is. Thank you, Virtual Boy. So, Virtual
Boy, why does everyone hate this
innocent little console? because it
destroys your body. It's not very
comfortable to use. It has to sit on top
of a surface at a fixed position, only
slightly adjustable, which is not ideal
for the human race of varying heights,
unless you want to be Quasimoto after 5
minutes. Some have said that the Virtual
Boy would have been a better fit if sold
with some sort of head strap like a lot
of modern VR sets, but understand that
this is a very heavy device. The next
strain would just be in a different
area. And what I think is the console's
biggest flaw, it's got to be that
stereoscopic 3D that causes headaches,
dizziness, nausea. Video games are
supposed to be fun, not give you
diseases. But Nintendo over here made
the pestilence boy that will literally
destroy you from the inside out. Also,
what the [ __ ] is this
controller? But if the screen ain't red,
let's take it back to Nintendo's
actually portable console when it was
green. I guess I think green is a
misleading compliment to whatever this
is. As a handheld in the 80s, the Game
Boy is monumental. And compared to
something like the Virtual Boy, the
screen is a lot easier to look at when
it's not engulfing your entire field of
vision, but a small small portion of it.
That said, vomit visuals aside, the
screen is the conso's greatest flaw due
to it not being backlit and having the
infamous screen burn that you may have
seen pictures of, passive matrix making
everything look blurry, and yeah, maybe
I don't want everything to be green all
the time. The contrast dial helps so
that you can kind of find a good
balance, but a simple backlight would
have been way
better. A simple backlight would have
been way better. A simple backlight
would have been way better. And
releasing the Game Boy Light in America,
that could have helped. The Nintendo 64
is the limousine pulling Nintendo up to
the three-dimensional suare, and it does
that pretty well with an abundance of 3D
platformers and adventure games. But not
everyone possesses the knowledge and
skill to become 3D. There are still many
games that have fruit collecting and
songs about eating ass. They have to
have a console that can host both legacy
and future design. So, what do they do?
They create the three-handed
abomination. Man, I don't even want to
see this thing. The idea was that when
you play a 2D game, you position your
hands like this, so the D-pad and
buttons are prioritized. And when you
play a 3D game, you position your hands
like this so the analog can be gripped.
Allegedly, there's another way to hold
it with the left in the middle so that
it's all D-pad and analog. I can't say
I've ever seen an N64 game that
encourages this, though, and and that's
a good thing. None of these setups are
comfortable. There are always buttons
out of range. 2D position means that you
can't use the Z button and have to reach
for the start. 3D position means no L
button. That in addition to the plastic
analog, which has two big faults.
First, notice how most other joysticks
after the N64 have some sort of rubber
cover. And two, with the amount of games
that require aggressive joystick action,
it is very easy to grind down the
plastic inside and loosen this bad boy
up so that it never centers again or as
we know it, it
drifts. Drifts. Wait a minute. Why do I
feel like Nah, in second thought, we'll
get there when we get
[Music]
there. Nintendo secret weapon. Redmond
company hopes next generation Game Boy
will help it win video game
wars. You know, the Game Boy had like a
decade long run, which is I think the
longest in Nintendo history. That's a
lot of time to learn about the things
that could be improved on. So, how did
this new Game Boy advance us into the
2000s? Okay, let's talk about it.
Half-size cartridges. Cool. L&R buttons.
Good. 32bit. Awesome. Backwards
compatibility. Damn. Danielle, back at
it again with the Game Boy
back. It wouldn't bother me as much if
once again Nintendo did not realize the
demand for a backlight in 1998 with the
Game Boy Light. a Game Boy with a light
released exclusively in Japan 3 years
prior to the GBA. Surely they had to
have known. But another drawback about
the Game Boy Advance was that it still
used batteries, and powering a console
with a backlight on batteries is a very
wasteful and expensive loop. The Game
Boy Light was said to have around a
12-hour runtime with the light on,
meaning that games like Gen 2 Pokémon
averaging between 30 to 70 hours would
eat up a lot of batteries. This is why
when there is eventually a Game Boy
model released internationally that is
back or front lit, it includes a
rechargeable lithium ion battery. Uh but
but before we get into
[Music]
that, the GameCube is a really
frustrating example of a Nintendo
console underperforming in the
competition because from a gaming
standpoint, Nintendo did everything
right. They finally moved to discs,
included GBA connectivity. The
controller is so legendary, it's been
supported on every home console since.
And most notably is Nintendo's strong,
strong showcasing of their IPs. Most of
their series got at least one entry on
the Gamecube. We're talking Animal
Crossing, Star Fox, F-Zero, the birth of
ChibiRobo, Wave Race, Battalion Wars,
four Mario Parties, Path of
Radiance. How could anyone not want this
console? Oh, that's right. It doesn't
[ __ ] play DVDs. I'm sure this will be
a totally real concern 10 years from
now. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a
shift at Movie Gallery. The Gamecube is
canonically the last time we see
Nintendo compete in the Arms Race for
Power. And they did so good. But because
these two tryards from Gym Class, who
are always partnering up, saying slurs,
I actually love the PS2. I don't want to
be mean. These consoles did what Nintend
don't. They could play DVDs. They could
play CDs. Xbox had a complex online
ecosystem. PS2 had USB ports. From a
multi-functional standpoint, it got
people who were not gamers behind the
console. My sister, I love her, not a
gamer. She told my parents to get a PS2
because it would have made all of the
kids happy. I could have played games
and she could have watched Agent Cody
Banks. Thankfully, my parents got us the
Gamecube and they got her a DVD player.
But that's just us. Examining the sales
for the sixth gen, you can see how
important this was to families and how
much it put the GameCube in last place,
despite the fact that it was more
powerful than the PS2 and cheaper than
both competitors. Now, I know what
you're thinking, so let me adjust. If I
had to pick a non-competition related
flaw about the GameCube, cuz it's kind
of unfair to incite what it doesn't do
as a weakness in the about me section. I
would say the decision to go with the
miniscs is handinhand with this. they
can't hold as much data as the
regularsized disc, which led to games
being split across several discs, and
maybe even why third parties were
hesitant. Nintendo should have learned
their lesson about storage size from the
Nintendo 64. But don't worry, because
Nintendo absolutely learned their lesson
about the GameCube in the sixth
generation. Whether or not you agree
with what happens next, evidently it was
a brilliant move. They realized this
race for the best graphics for the
fastest CPUs, it was endless and
pursuing it would make the evolution of
video games much less exciting. And I
think if you look at the last couple
generations and the consoles on the
market now, they were definitely right.
So instead, Nintendo perhaps feeling
betrayed starts thinking beyond the
gamer delegation. They think about how
something like a PS2 could have features
appealing to those who don't play games.
And I'm sure you know exactly what
happens next. That's right. It's the
Game Boy Advance SP. Absolutely flawless
console. Backlit clamshell design that
gets reused across multiple generations.
Beautiful. Look at this. Then they made
the
[Music]
Wii. This is what getting severely beat
by the weakest console on the market
does to a mother. You say, "Ah, I no
longer care about power. Give me to your
grandparents." In the most Nintendo move
ever, the Wii is the first console to
make motion controls easy, accurate,
accessible. The console is both the
smallest and cheapest when this behemoth
trapezoid cost $600 because the idiots
at Sony let media playback go to their
head. Learning the lesson Nintendo did
just a generation earlier. You need to
switch it up. That is a great pun. I
also love the PS3. I don't want to be
mean. The Nintendo Wii stands out by
taking gaming down a different path. And
it works. A whiping works. All right.
We're not really here to discuss that
though. Just for the sake of people
curious as to why Nintendo no longer
builds their consoles around cuttingedge
tech. Just simply look at where the
GameCube failed and where the Wii
succeeded. That's all you need. But some
see the Wii not just as a transition
into casual oriented gaming, but
Nintendo's abandonment of their hardcore
gaming demographic. No high definition,
very poor online. They started to
explore media features. Still no DVDs.
Yeah, honestly I love the Wii, but I
also played Halo 3 on an Xbox 360 for
the first time that generation and
discovered what it was like to
participate in an online community
phenomenon that is getting called so
many awful things at the age of 10. The
point being that even if the Wii offered
something cool and original, it couldn't
dismiss the deep experiences that were
still resulting from games that chose a
more traditional route. The cherry on
top being the Wii remote. Some think the
controller is genius. Others see it as
the console's biggest flaw. The
dedication to motion controls that would
define this generation for Nintendo. At
the time, it seemed like a fad, and the
controller's unconventional design meant
that the Wii would also suffer bad
third-p partyy support. Let me be clear,
not a lack of third party support. Bad
third Okay, so let's just give an
example. Bioshock. Bioshock is an
excellent FPS that I very much so
recommend. Released in the year 2007,
originally for the Xbox 360. In 2008, it
came to the PS3, but it did not come to
the Wii, which is easy to understand.
The Wii and Nunchuk aren't really ideal
for this game, nor motion controls. It
could be very graphically demanding. So,
what did 2K give the Wii in 2008
instead? Oh, baby, it's time for
Carnival
Games. I don't know if anyone out there
is going to come to bat for Carnival
Games, but I'd love to see them try to
defend the 56 it has on Metacritic. And
yet, despite that, this game was a huge
success, selling millions. Deca Sports,
Game Party, Miniame compilations that
broke the bank were the Wii bread and
butter, not to mention all the other
shovelware dumped onto this console,
while third parties either skipped it or
like Dead Rising, Far Cry, Call of Duty,
suffered from the Wii's unorthodox
controller and underpowered specs. But
don't take my word for it.
Game Boy
Micro. Just a hair bigger and about
two/ird the weight of an iPod Mini. What
exactly were they trying to accomplish
here? Yeah, man. The Game Boy Advance is
great, but uh just wish there was a way
my mouse could play it.
Dude, the titular selling point of the
Game Boy Micro is its biggest flaw. This
is the type of [ __ ] that could only
happen in 2005. Nowadays, we live in an
era where every handheld device gets an
XL version, but shrinking it. Even the
commercial they chose to advertise it
with features a mouse. And don't get me
wrong, this console is neat. The screen
is bright. The battery is chargeable.
The face plates removable. but launching
after the DS. You want us to buy a Game
Boy Advance that plays neither DS games
or original Game Boy games? That's like
4 in. I mean, hey, which for some
people, hey, that's 4 in. 4 in is
totally enough, right? I love the Game
Boy micro. Production wrapped up by
2008, years before the SP. It is
considered a flop by the masses. I just
think of it as the Nintendo equivalent
of the PSP Go, aka the Short Kings.
Speaking of the Nintendo DS, put a
finger up if you've ever had one of the
hinges break. Hey, that's one for the
hinge
compilation. The original DS is a great
console, but design-wise, the hinges are
very similar to the Game Boy Advance SP.
They might even be the same, which would
be an issue because the DS is a lot
heavier on top. Know what I mean? So, I
don't know how it went down for you
guys, but just suddenly opening the
console one day and my DS was just an S.
Towards the beginning, it wasn't an
issue. It was just a little broken
piece. Eventually, the top screen went
blank. It happened to both my original
DS and this one which belonged to my
brother. And we're not alone. This
happens to a lot of people. Some of them
tear it off. Actually, many do, which
has turned into the fan-coined Game Boy
Macro because it can still play Game Boy
games, which I don't know, that's just
kind of funny. Another huge flaw the
system has is the tiny stylus that gets
lost all the time. So, Nintendo deeply
considers this and comes up with the
brilliant revision known as the DS
Light. My goat. sleeker, brighter,
smaller, and yet somehow has a bigger,
more comfortable stylus. The DS Lite is
pretty free from flaws, so I don't want
to waste a ton of time on it. I'm just
going to say that the Game Boy Advance
cartridge protruding out of the bottom
gave me IBS. But I'll take that any day
over not having it at
all. Can anybody tell me a good reason
the DSi should exist? No. Exactly. I
bought this day one under the premise of
this magical thing all of my iPod touch
having friends got to experience called
appsing apps. And the apps in question,
Mario clock, $2. Sorry, 200 DSI points.
But as Nintendo's response to the
emerging mobile market, it wasn't all
bad. The front-facing camera felt like
having the Wii photo channel on the go.
The browser was a good way to surf the
internet unsupervised. The sound app
could play extremely lowquality music
files, and there was some great
downloadable software like Flipnote
Hatenna, which was free and a cool
social media with creative expression.
Honestly, it was YouTube for me before
YouTube. Was this console worth leaving
behind the Game Boy Advance slot?
Honestly, no. And that is what I
personally see as its biggest flaw. But
let's look at it like this. Shoulder
buttons. The DSi L&R buttons are
notorious for breaking. Many owners have
reported similarly. For whatever reason,
they just get weak and dirty fast. And
what was the common I don't want to take
my console to Nintendo solution for a
child? You'll never guess. To blow into
the L&R buttons. To blow. We've gone
full circle. The Super Nintendo. Man,
you guys ever tried to make a video
talking about the biggest flaw from
every Nintendo console and you get to
the chapter on the Super Nintendo? I
wanted to put this one later in because
you got to work really hard to find
something wrong here. So, true to its
name, it's a significantly better NES.
In fact, it might even be perfect.
launches with a great set of games,
affordable price, a fantastic
controller, the richest library. I mean,
no, it doesn't have blast processing,
but it has purple on the controller.
Purple is my favorite color. This
console is so amazing. There have been
recent instances of people coming out to
say that their Super Nintendo is working
faster. It is literally aging like wine.
inside. On the outside, the console's
plastic on some models will turn yellow
with time. This phenomenon, commonly
called SNS yellowing, is due to the UV
rays reacting with a specific plastic or
oxygenization. I guess I don't know. For
me, I think it's just piss. The good
news is that with some cleaning
solutions, you can fix this. Still, I
think if a console's biggest flaw
happens after its run, that's a pretty
good console. On the other hand, earlier
this morning, Nintendo finally announced
that the 3DS will launch in the United
States on March 27th for 250 bucks. Yep,
that makes it more expensive than a Wii.
I want you to remember how much the 3DS
was struggling in its first few months.
People were calling it a flop. It had
zero games worth playing. And I love my
3DS. I always have. But in like April or
May of 2011, I would totally resonate
with that sentiment. What is this price
tag?
$250. Nah, nah, Nintendo, you got me
asthmatic. It takes a special level of
brand loyal cuckery to want to pay this
much to play this launch lineup. What
kind of submissive, irresponsible,
[ __ ]
stupid? Yep. And I know only one other
person who came home on March 27th, 2011
with a blue Nintendo 3DS, and that is
Andrew. Ever since our souls have been
linked, and even if he's far away when
he feels pain, that's because I'm
causing it. The 3DS receives a price cut
the summer after it launched. Also
leading to the ambassador program. It
finally gets big originals like Mario 3D
Land, Mario Kart 7 to Devil Survivor
Overclocked. You know, all that good
good. And sales go up a little bit, but
something's up. A huge portion of the
market is still missing out on the 3DS.
kids. Well, I think the 3DS's biggest
flaw is definitely the price it launched
at, which is something we have so much
evidence to support. Keeping the rules
to the console itself, the 3D could not
be viewed by kids six and under. It was
included in the health and safety manual
by Nintendo, as well as getting tons of
press before and after release, which
kind of scared parents away from it.
What could Nintendo do? I mean, maybe
they could make a 3DS without 3D.
Wouldn't that kind of ruin the whole
thing of the console, though? That would
be like a Wii without motion controls or
a Switch that can't be
docked.
Yeah. In addition to being the ugliest
mother I've ever had the pleasure of
sharing a room with, it has no 3D
support. Yay. Why? Why are we cheering?
Ah, bros. Now, listen. 3D may be the
console defining feature we've selected
for this family of handhelds, but if it
keeps it out of the hands of the under
seven years old demographic because of
potential harm to their developing
vision, ah, well, I suppose in that
case, repeal it.
For kids, the 2DS is genius. It's way
safer, $70 cheaper than the XL, and it
doesn't have hinges. You remember those
things we talked about that broke all
the time because of adolescent
irresponsibility? Uh, yeah, I'm pretty
sure that's how kids happen in the first
place. The clamshell design is a double
whammy, though, because it's meant to
protect and serve portability. Without
either of those things, you have a
Square DS with its screen exposed that
doesn't fit easily into pockets
specifically designed to be in the care
of children. What can possibly go wrong?
Hot button popcorn. That's a deal. [ __ ]
it. Let's do 10 of them. Number one, the
name. Much of this could have been
avoided if it was just called the Wii 2.
See 2025's Nintendo Switch 2 for
details. Number two, the price.
Nintendo's most expensive console ever
with the deluxe set costing $3.49. 49
about $482
in 2025 money. That's early 2025 money.
Number three, the advertisements. Down
Yoshi underground Yoshi jump Yoshi then
pound Yoshi.
Wosi, it's a double Yoshi explosi.
Number four, the brick. Why did my Wii U
come with a murder weapon? Number five,
lack of third party games. Number six,
lack of first party games. Number seven,
abundance of bad or weird firstp partyy
games. The Wii U's firstp party titles
are not very strong. Stuff like Mario
Tennis Ultra Smash, Paper Mario Color
Splash, Animal Crossing Amiibo Bash,
Star Fox Smok and Hash, and others are
not necessarily bad. They're just
undesirable. Mario 3D World, fantastic
game, but not the sandbox single player
experience that people clamored for at
the time. Hyrule Warriors is not the new
console Zelda we wanted to see in 2014.
Kirby Rainbow Curse returns to the
canvas curse formula. Mario Party 10
keeps the Mario Party 9 formula. Wii
Sports Club. Shall I say more? Number
eight, the game pad. I guess we got to
break this one down a little bit. The
tablet screen not only confused gamers
as a whole, it was just kind of
impractical. Very few games utilized its
potential. Some tried, but it only made
the game needlessly more convoluted.
Like, as cool as it is to have the map
in Xenolade Chronicles X available and
ready at all times, right in your hands,
why couldn't we just include it as a
second screen on the first? Oh, wait. We
can. There are games out there that
absolutely feel better because of it.
And DS virtual console is an absurd but
miraculous concept that I'm not sure
will ever happen again. But not only are
games like that rare, now regular games
also have to figure out how to utilize a
second screen. aka every third-p partyy
game that can work on PS4 or Xbox
One. Number nine, extremely long loading
times. And number 10, the Wii U random
death factor. I really think the Wii U
is a neat little contraption, but if you
ask me if it deserved to fail, I got to
say Nintendo is to be blamed for its
awful marketing, but it's kind of sad
seeing them try so many cool things that
went unrewarded. Splatoon is probably
the biggest thing to come from the Wii
U, but Miiverse and Wii U chat. Hell, a
console without friend codes. This bad
boy drips in personality. And just like
before with the Gamecube, Nintendo
decided it was time for a
change. The Nintendo Switch may be
Nintendo's most successful console, but
you know what else? It is [ __ ] basic.
It is their most boring console. I want
you to remember what life was like
before this. Nintendo is a company built
on wacky, almost surreal concepts.
Motion controls, a touchscreen, a tablet
screen. How does the Switch have all of
that, but in the most dull manner? I
mean, making a console that doubles as a
home and handheld. Doesn't it feel like
that's been attempted a bajillion times
before? Remember the eShop layout and
its music? The seasonal themes that made
it always fun to browse? the home
screen's many applications or channels.
Street Pass, Everybody Votes, Themes,
Meiverse, it was just all so Nintendo.
Nintendo was so Nintendo doing goofy
directs and bits with their staff. None
of that happens ever since the Switch.
When you buy this console, it comes with
nothing. You turn it on and are greeted
by emptiness. No software, no music.
Even the Mi Maker is somehow just not
fun. This is something I'm so hopeful
that the Switch 2 will bring back to us.
An identity, a sense of home and
fun. Oh, yeah. And Joy-Con Drift. That's
probably um that's a kind of an issue.