The Nintendo Wii probably doesn't need
any introduction as it is one of the
most popular video game consoles of all
time. And that is obviously in no small
part to the motion controls. The unique
Wii mode actually allowed for very
unique controls in a lot of video games
that up to this point we haven't really
seen yet. It gave a unique spin on a lot
of common genres where swinging the
remote or shaking it was actually now
the norm. And obviously this also
includes racing games. In fact, this
year, Mario Kart Wii is one of the most
successful Mario Kart games of all time
and also one of the most sold Nintendo
Wii games of all time. Obviously, this
was in no small part to Mario Kart Wii
being bundled in with the console, but
to this day, it still remains the de
facto racing game of the Nintendo Wii.
But obviously, that begs the question,
what other racing games were out there?
After all, the Wii mode actually had an
entirely separate accessory, which
actually turns the Wii mode into
basically a racing game wheel. And this
one was actually super useful in Mario
Kart Wii, as you actually used to tilt
the Wii mode in order to steer. Kind of
like you were actually grabbing onto a
steering wheel, which the wheel
accessory made a lot more intuitive. But
surely this accessory wasn't just made
for Mario Kart Wii. Surely there are
other racing games out there for the Wii
that this accessory can be used for. But
if you were to ask most people what
other racing games there were other than
Mario Kart Wii, most people I don't
think could come up with much. And if
you look at the Wii's most sold games
other than Mario Kart Wii, you're not
really going to see any other racing
games. And so I decided to check out 15
racing games all throughout the years
for the Nintendo Wii to see if the Wii
had a racing game library that was
actually worth playing. All of the games
you're going to see me talk about in
this video are ordered in release order.
and maybe we'll see some kind of
evolution to these over time. So,
without further ado, let's dive into the
wacky world of Wii racing games. Kicking
off the list, we already have quite a I
thought we were doing racing games. You
know what? Let me just update the
Wikipedia page of this game real quick.
You wouldn't necessarily expect the Wii
to have a Gran Turismo clone as a launch
title, but here it is. GD Pro Series was
the very first racing game for the
Nintendo Wii. along with another game
we'll get to and is a direct follow-up
to the GT Advance series for the Game
Boy Advance. In fact, one of these games
I did already check out in a separate
video and this year is essentially its
successor, the first entry in the series
entirely in 3D. And it would also be the
last entry as the developer made no more
racing games after it and eventually
stopped making games entirely after
2014. But at least they made dogs too,
which is hardly surprising as this game
got absolutely slammed by critics on
launch. I mean, IGN gave this game a
four out of 10, which is still one of
the more favorable reviews, and that's
saying something. But was this game
actually that bad? I mean, for my part,
I actually really enjoyed the
predecessor on the GBA. And after
playing GT Pro series, I can say with
confidence that the critics at the time
had no idea what they were talking
about. Now, admittedly, I am fairly
biased since I love the tried and true
gran Turismo formula, which this game is
loosely adapting in a more casual
format. Still, there's actually a lot
about this game to appreciate, but it's
certainly not the graphics. Since we're
coming straight off the Gamecube, I
didn't necessarily expect to be blown
away by the visuals, but my god, this
game is kind of ugly. Now, granted, some
stages can look pretty decent. In fact,
I like the kind of cell-shaded cartoon
look the game is going for, particularly
with the shadows on the car, but the
tracks just look so basic. It just feels
like the budget ran out for the
environment designers, so they just
scribbled something together in
Microsoft Paint. I mean, here's my
attempt. Doesn't look too different, I
think. But we're obviously not here
looking for solid graphics. We're here
for fun. If the game is not fun, why
bother? And this is where GD Pro series
actually shines. In the main career
mode, you first start off in a Honda
fit. Actually, h wasn't there another
Gran Turismo type game that put you in a
fit in the beginning? I don't know, but
they definitely ripped it off from this
game. From the garage, you can then
choose between various themed
championships, which are actually very
interesting. The Crapman trophy. For
most of these, each event has entry
restrictions, and you need to use a
corresponding card to enter, which can
make for some pretty wacky event setups.
And on that note, I think the developers
hate me. The races themselves are pretty
straightforward, though. You're starting
in the back of the grit and need to
clamp your way to the top. It's all
circuit races, but the track variety
makes up for the repetition, I think.
And even then, you tend to progress
pretty quickly through the career mode,
so you will probably have beaten the
game before it gets boring. Handling
wise, it's pretty much as arcade as it
gets. And in fact, I think pretty much
all of these games we're looking at
today will be arcade in nature, which
honestly makes way more sense as the Wii
in many people's eyes was this
family-friendly console that anyone can
pick up and play with. Or do you want to
have old grandma play iRacing on the Wii
with motion controls? Don't think so.
Speaking of which, since this was the
first time I tried to play a racing game
with motion controls in over a decade,
it took some time to get used to. Like
in many Wii racing titles, you need to
tilt the Wii mode to steer the car.
Basically, act like it's a remote
controlled steering wheel. The game does
offer an additional control setup where
you need to pull the Wii remote up and
down in order to change gears. However,
this only worked about 70% of the time.
So, for example, often I would pull the
Wii remote down in order to shift down a
gear, which the game would not
recognize, but what the game would
recognize is the motion of me pulling it
up again to put it in its default
position. And so, the car would shift up
instead. Really, you need to borderline
whack yourself with the Wii mode in
order for the game to correctly
recognize what you want the car to do.
So, for the most part, I stuck to
automatic transmission, but kept the
motion controls for steering on as it
would actually allow me to take smooth
lines through corners. In fact, this
actually became really satisfying to
master as I started to drift through
corners with way more speed. So, yeah,
driving in GT Pro series is definitely a
lot of fun and a decent introduction to
how motion controls could work in a Wii
racing game. You have to remember that
this game was a launch title for the
Wii, so the developers were pretty much
pioneering how this sort of stuff should
work. And I think that deserves some
kudos. With every event that you finish,
you unlock a new upgrade part and a car
to pick up at the car dealer. What the
is
that? Please use it. Well,
uh,
sure. Now, unlike in Gran Turismo, cars
here are actually free. There's no
currency system or anything of that
sort. You simply unlock the other half
of the car list as you play through the
game, which is still a great motivator
as the car list is actually pretty
awesome. You got everything ranging from
budget K cars to sports cars and even
minivans. It is a shame that all car
brands in this game are Japanese, but
for what it is, it is a really nice deep
cut of Japanese car culture. Just don't
look too closely at the car model
quality. If you found something you want
to drive, you can fit on the various
upgrade parts you've unlocked throughout
the career. Some of these even change
how the car looks or how it sound. Ah,
out of all the things in this game, why
is the volume of a car horn the one
thing they decided to make
realistic, and I don't know, there's
something else about this upgrade menu
that's kind of cool? When you select
different parts in the menu, the camera
does these cool shots showing off where
the part will be installed. And I swear
this could make any car cool.
You can also fit drift tires on the car
if you hate yourself. Yeah, maybe it's
because I'm still not entirely used to
motion controls, but the car has become
incredibly hard to control with drift
tires equipped. There's actually an
entirely separate game mode where you
need to chain drifts together to make a
combo. And I figured, hey, maybe that
would be a good place to
practice. I got two. But yeah, all in
all, this is genuinely a fun time,
especially for enthusiasts of Japanese
cars. for what it is, which is a
simplified arcadey variant of Gran
Turismo. There's a lot of fun to be had
here. Look, they even adapted the
license tests no one liked. I suppose
for me personally, as someone who has
played the predecessor on the GBA
before, it's kind of missing something.
In essence, it's the exact same game as
on the Game Boy Advance. There's nothing
really new in the way of content. It's
the same game as before, but in 3D and
with slightly better handling. And I
don't know, the GBA game had a certain
charm to it with its pixel graphics and
16- bit music that the Wii game is kind
of lacking. The Wii game does have
decent music, too. Unfortunately, the
tonitis I got from the engine sounds
prevented me from actually listening to
it. I suppose overall GTA Advance 3 was
really impressive for a GBA game,
whereas GT Pro Series is just decent for
a Wii game. Doesn't mean it's bad. I
just expected a little more. Four out of
five stars,
though. So, does anyone remember
Motorstorm? You know, that insanely
over-the-top off-roading series on the
PlayStation 3. What if I told you that
the following game will make even that
one look like taking a driver's license
test? Exite truck is basically if
someone injected Motorstorm with the
most potent crack cocaine known to man.
And that's before Motorstorm was even a
thing. I mean, some of my reactions here
probably say it all. Let's
go. Out of all the games in this list, I
wouldn't be surprised if this one is the
most insane one out of them all. There's
so much going on at any given point,
it's hard for me to even begin to
describe what's happening. But let me
try it. So, in Exite Truck, it's not
about being the fastest, it's about
being the most deranged. In races, every
action that you make, such as drifts,
jumps, narrowly avoiding trees, all of
that gives you stars, which is
essentially your score. And your score
is what determines whether you beat the
race and can move on to the next one.
You do get bonus points for finishing
higher in the standings, but you can
also drive like a total jackass and
still get a pass from the game even if
you came in last. Once again, you steer
the car by tilting the Wii mode.
However, things are a little more
simplified this time. This game
essentially runs on two buttons, your
throttle and your boost. There is a
brake as well, but I must have used it
about two and a half times throughout my
entire playthrough. Your boost works the
same way it does in Motorstorm. The
longer you hold it down, the more your
engine starts to heat up, and you want
to prevent holding it on for too long
because your engine will overheat and
slow you down otherwise. But if your
route navigation is good enough, you can
extend your boosts via jumps or driving
through water, which cools down your
engine. Damn, they really did copy a lot
from this game. In fact, although this
game looks fairly brainless at first
glance, it actually has a surprisingly
high skill ceiling. Aside from keeping
your engine cool, you can get free
boosts from jumps as long as you
perfectly time your boost right and hit
it just as you start to take off. And
while you're in the air, you can aim
your car to the left and right, as well
as tilt it up and down, which either
increases or decreases air time with
more air time, giving you more speed
again. All of this is done by tilting
the Wii mode appropriately. And this is
what I'd consider the true skill check
for this game. Being able to navigate
the dozens of jumps on the track without
going off course, but getting the
maximum amount of speed out of them is
incredibly satisfying to get right. And
just before your car hits the ground
again, you can get an additional boost
if you manage to make the car land flat
on all wheels. If you combine all these
things correctly, you can essentially
chain endless amounts of boost together.
It's honestly exhilarating. Yet, despite
all my glazing, the controls and core
gameplay aren't even my favorite part of
Exit Truck. It's the tracks. Not only do
they look surprisingly good for a once
again Wii launch title, but they also
provide great amounts of spectacle. Not
only are the layouts perfectly designed
with loads of opportunities for drifts
and jumps, but also feature splitting
paths. Unlike in many other racing games
where there's one path that's clearly
shorter and therefore faster and
therefore superior in Exit Truck, each
split in the road is an active
splitsecond decision you need to make.
Do you want to take the shorter but
often times less eventful path to catch
up a few places? Or do you want to take
the longer path that is littered with
opportunities to increase your score?
There's never a clear right answer. But
all of this gets trumped by the single
best feature in the entire game,
terraorphing. On every track, there's
various pickups which upon collecting
quite literally transform the very
geometry of the map. All of a sudden, an
opportunity for a jump will be presented
in front of you or a hill caves in
giving way for a shortcut. And all of
this works dynamically in the world. So
you can use these to mess up opponents
in front of you as well.
[Music]
It's genuinely such a simple but
incredibly effective way to make each
race more chaotic and exciting. I see
why it's called Exite Truck now. And
even if you don't collect any of these
pickups, there's still loads going on
within each track, like volcanoes
erupting or entire castles collapsing in
front of you, all while being served up
with one of the most intense senses of
speeds. the Wii has probably ever
produced. Like genuinely, this game is
absolute ADHD goodness distilled in its
purest form. It was so hard to put down,
I had to force myself to stop playing
and start writing this incredibly
incohesive script. You're still
following along, right? Okay, let's take
a step back then. Outside of the main
campaign, there's a challenge mode which
features various different mini games.
I'll be honest, these mostly sucked.
There's one where you need to drive
between gates, which get increasingly
more narrow the further you get, which
just doesn't really work with all of the
mini jumps you tend to pick up along the
way, and the controls in general just
not being precise enough for this.
Another mini game has you perform
precise jumps through rings that get
smaller the more you collect in
succession. And while this is a little
more reasonable, it can also be quite
frustrating when you have no idea what
kind of trajectory they were looking
for.
[Music]
What? The last mini game drops you into
an open but fairly small area where you
need to chase down a handful of free
roaming cars and destroy them. While the
idea sounds fun on paper, these events
are incredibly easy as you're given way
more time than needed and opponent cars
break even at the lightest touch. So
yeah, overall the challenge mode just
didn't really work for me as most of the
events go against the chaotic nature of
the game. For the most part, they were
pretty boring and unexiting, and that's
going to count as false advertisement.
However, do I really care? Do I really
care about some random mini games when
the main game is such an adrenaline
rush? Hell no. This has got to be the
most fun I had with an arcade racer in
ages. I'll definitely give this one 4.5
stars for sure. Man, I can't wait to
look into this developer studio. They
must be making some insane games these
days.
[Music]
Do you think we could convince them to
add jumps and boosts to this? Maybe
plane crashes in the background.
Tornadoes? No, just
me. Okay, this game is a bit of a mess
to untangle. Cruisin is actually the
name of an old racing game series dating
back to the Nintendo 64, with Cruising
USA and Cruis & World being two of the
more known examples. Though both of
these were based off of arcade games
where they originated from, they are
more commonly seen as regular home
console games these days. After the
fourth Cruisin game, which actually was
not based on an arcade game this time,
the franchise remained dormant for 6
years, and the owners of the IP Midway
didn't seem to have any interest in
releasing any more games under it. Then
in 2001, the first Fast and Furious
movie hit theaters. I know this seems
like a wild transition, but it'll make
sense in a second. Due to the movie's
huge success, a lot of merchandise
related to the movie was produced, and
this included an arcade game which hit
arcades in
2004. And then some absolute genius had
the fantastic idea to put these two
franchises together. And so in
2007, yes, the arcade game was already
dated back 3 years at this point, a port
of the Fast and Furious arcade game was
released for the Nintendo Wii, but not
under the Fast and Furious name due to
what I assume to be licensing issues.
The game was instead swiftly rebranded
and is now, at least somewhat
officially, part of the Cruisin
franchise. And since it is just called
Cruisin without any subtitle, along with
a fairly long break in new releases in
the franchise, it's fair to assume this
is in fact a reboot of the series, one
that's not even original and based on a
foreign IP. They really just
Frankensteined this thing together. But
enough with the history lesson. How does
Cruisin for the Wii actually stack up?
If reviews at the time are anything to
go by, this should be the most
spectacular dumpster fire I'll ever get
to witness in the racing game genre. And
in many ways, yeah, it is that dumpster
fire. I'm just going to make this one
quick and painless. So, strap
in. The menus are butt ugly. The audio
is completely broken with sound effects
only playing on the left ear. The load
times make up about half of the game's
play time, which isn't even much to
begin with considering I beat the main
campaign in less than an hour. The car
models must be a crime against humanity,
or at least against the car
manufacturers. Upgrades are completely
broken in a sense where a better engine
doesn't make the car faster at all. A
spoiler supposedly does, which it
doesn't. Instead, applying underglow of
all things gave me an extra 10 mph. The
game had me fall through the map at one
point which ruined my race. The AI
rubber bands more than every game I have
ever played. And then there's this
Race Wars.
What? With all due respect, this is an
objectively bad video game. So why on
earth did I kind of enjoy it? Well, it's
kind of like your usual greasy
McDonald's burger. You know, it's
disgusting and probably not good for
you, but sometimes you just don't care.
Sometimes you just want some fast carbs
and you crave a greasy, disgusting
McDonald's burger. And that's how I view
this game. Something about it was just
barely fun enough to keep me hooked to
see all the tracks this game has to
offer. And besides, it's not like
everything about this game stinks. In
fact, the affforementioned tracks are
actually really well put together.
They're short and not that complicated,
but you can tell a lot of attention to
detail was put into them, especially
those that are based on well-known
cities like LA or San Francisco,
featuring various famous landmarks to
plow through. And in general, the sense
of speed and handling are good enough to
provide a certain thrill that kept me
playing. With each race that you finish,
you unlock the next track and an upgrade
of your choice to apply to the car. And
these upgrades looked so ridiculous, so
stupid that I just wanted to see how
much worse looking these can get.
Unfortunately, upgrades don't transfer
over to other cars, so you're more or
less stuck with your starter car if you
want to get anywhere with these. All in
all, Cruisin for the Wii is basically
video game fast food. It's not good, but
in a twisted way, it's kind of fun. And
more importantly, it's over before it
becomes painful. I'll give it one and a
half stars. Can't believe I'm agreeing
with IGN of all things for once. I'll be
honest, after writing up my thoughts on
Cruisin, I wasn't sure if I was being a
bit too lenient with the game, but after
playing this next game called Build and
Race, I think my opinion was justified.
So, in build and race, you can actually
build your own tracks and then race on
them. Yeah, very clever game title, I
know. Before getting to the build part,
however, I wanted to take a look at the
various pre-made races and championships
on offer. School
District. Oh, no. After all, the best
way to get some inspiration is by taking
in someone else's creations. But
unfortunately, before I could even think
about building my own tracks, I was
immediately thrown off by the incredibly
awkward controls and physics. While the
motion controls themselves are fine
enough, I never felt like I had a good
idea what the car was doing at any given
time. Sometimes the wheels would
seemingly randomly lose traction and
steer me way off the track. And it's not
even actual loss of grip. your car just
gains super grip when it decides to ruin
your race. I have to stress how often
this happened for pretty much no reason.
Even in cases where I could see why it
happened, direction of the car would
almost always be so extreme that I had
no way of counter steering and
correcting the car. Driving in this game
feels like walking on eggshells, or
rather driving on them, I suppose. And
when that confidence in the game's
handling is lost, it's hard to enjoy it
in the first place. However, this still
gets trumped by the game's god-awwful
physics. Jumps in this game feel so
incredibly stiff. It's like there's no
actual trajectory to the car. The car
just flies through the air at a
completely flat angle. It reminds me a
little bit of the Crew 2. And yeah, it
feels just as awkward as it looks. Then
you can also get your car stuck on
seemingly nothing. What does Oh my god,
dude. Yeah, I still don't know what
happened here. And even if everything
goes right, the car does this weird
jittery motion every time you steer,
which just looks incredibly odd.
Undoubtedly, the actual driving part of
this game is an absolute mess that's
really hard to defend. Most of my play
time was honestly just miserable because
I was not looking forward to driving
anymore. The races themselves are also
nothing special. The AI might as well be
non-existent. They're usually so far
apart and uncompetitive that there's no
challenge at all. Even in races where I
had to reset my car more than five
times, I would still finish in first
place just fine. In fact, the AI would
occasionally get stuck on various
objects because the tracks were horribly
designed. Like here, I had no way of
knowing there's a corner coming up after
this jump. And with the physics being as
floaty as they are while you are in the
air, I would crash my car constantly on
this part and still win just fine. Build
and Race genuinely has one of my least
favorite handling and physics models I
have ever experienced in a racing game.
And if that sounds like an exaggeration,
it really isn't. I have played budget
Nintendo DS games with better racing
than this. There's a whole video on
them. It's honestly shameful. bundled up
with a soundtrack that's so incredibly
generic that I swear it came from some
free Rocky music library. I was really
looking forward to not having to play
this again after this video. But before
I can move on, we obviously have to talk
about the other half of the game. You
know, the build part of build and race.
Here you can design your very own tracks
entirely from scratch. Between choosing
from various parts of the road, you can
also decorate the track with a
surprising amount of objects ranging
from construction sites, shops, and even
skyscrapers. This is probably where the
game shines the most, as you can build
tracks that actually feel pretty legit.
I tried to go for a mix of a rich racer
and flatout themed track. So, you start
off in a part that's dominated by
skyscrapers and later end up in a more
open area with some smashables. And
while this works on paper, it also comes
with its own issues. For one,
occasionally parts would just not
connect. I tried to add an underground
section to this track, but it wouldn't
work for some reason. While this could
very well have been a user error, I
would have appreciated some kind of
message that tells me what I'm doing
wrong. Then on this part of the track,
the physics just freak out for some
reason. At first, I thought it's because
I ran over a chair that I got stuck on,
but no. The car seems to lose traction
every single time I drive over this
part. It's like someone flooded the road
with oil. And I would really appreciate
if someone would light it up so you
don't have to play this anymore. But
yeah, overall, I guess I would call the
track builder functional, though, there
are three grave issues with it. Number
one, you can't really add any proper
elevation changes to the map. You can
add roads that go up and down, but
there's no way to move the height of
objects and roads. So, every track will
end up being a variation of Sebring
Speedway. Number two, there's no way to
share maps with anybody. Now, I'll admit
maybe it's a bit unfair to expect online
share functions on a Wii game from 2009,
but without it, you're really just
making these tracks for yourself.
Granted, you could play these tracks
with your friends in local multiplayer,
but let's be honest, who the hell would
ever decide to whip this game out at a
sleepover or party over something like
Smash Bros. or Mario Kart? And lastly,
number three, what's the point of
building tracks when racing on them
makes me want to shove the Wii mode up
my ass?
What did you expect to see this? No, but
seriously, if the handling and physics
are this bad, why even bother with
building anything? I spent around 20
minutes building my map Shitopolis here.
And when I finally took my first spin on
it, I realized how much I just wasted my
time. No matter what I build, no matter
how creative my tracks are, driving on
them will always be a pain with how
terrible the driving feels in this game.
And thinking back on it, I believe
that's why I was willing to give Cruisin
a pass and still had some fun with it.
The actual driving portion was at least
solid, which I can't say about Built and
Race, even if on a technical level, it's
more competent and offers more content.
I just don't care about any of it,
especially since the Wii has a Track
Mania game on it, which I'm sure will be
at least better than this. We'll get to
it. So, yeah, the worst game of the
video so far, one star. Let's just move
on.
[Music]
This is the first game where I went in
with plenty of preconceived notions as I
not only played this one as a kid, but
Neifa Speed Nitro is also pretty
notorious within the community for
various reasons. Nonetheless, for the
sake of the video, I'll try my best to
be as objective as possible without any
outside factors influencing my opinion
and just break down the game from a
neutral
perspective. This game is [ __ ]
awesome. I am not even kidding. This is
probably the single most misunderstood
game in the entire Need for Speed
series. So, this game is actually a
spin-off of the Need for Speed series,
fully leaning into the arcade fundraiser
style. While the mainline series at the
time was certainly over the top, it was
mostly still rooted in realism with
believable physics and graphics. With
Nitro, they decided to completely ditch
any form of realism and just create the
most wacky out there racing game they
could make. And the result, at least in
my humble opinion, is pretty great. I
actually love the art style, which you
could argue even directly inspired Need
for Speed Unbound many years later, with
both being heavily influenced by
graffiti art. But I think despite the
similarities, it works a million times
better in Nitro because the entire game
is built around it. It's got this
cartoony look to it, which extends even
to the car and character models. My main
gripe with Unbound's art style was that
it didn't really feel cohesive. So, you
had a realistic game world with cartoon
effects tacked on and weirdly out of
place looking character models. It's
fine, but overall, I actually prefer
Nitro's art direction because every part
of the game works together to create a
more consistent look. Now, this can be
very hit and miss for some. I know some
people who despise the way cars look in
this game, but I actually find them
incredibly charming. They remind me of
old Hot Wheels and Matchbox cars I used
to collect. And besides, if games like
Coro Q can be praised for its fairly
similar look, why can't this game? But
that's all talking about visuals.
Obviously, what's most important is how
the game actually plays, which is why I
once again will say that I actually
quite enjoyed it. It's extremely over
the top with even low-end cars being
able to reach high speeds and drifts
being really easy to initiate. As usual,
I did try to play this with motion
controls, but this might be the first
game where I wouldn't actually recommend
them. Most of the time, the car just
doesn't feel responsive enough with them
enabled, and drifting can be pretty
difficult as well. Case in point, I
couldn't for the life of me beat a time
attack event, but the moment I switched
to regular nunchuck controls, I beat the
target time on my first try. So, for the
most part, I stuck with regular control
stick steering, but I kept the motion
controls for nitrous enabled, which
requires you to shake the Wii mode. This
was actually incredibly satisfying. It
kind of feels like riding a horse and
shaking the leash to get it to run
faster. One quirk about the handling
model is that in corners, the car will
automatically follow a certain line, so
you'll rarely go too fast or too slow in
corners. Now, I can see this being a
little irritating to some, but honestly,
it kind of reminds me of the later Rich
Racer games and how cars would also
follow some kind of invisible rail in
corners. And if Rich Raer can get away
with it, why not this one as well? The
races themselves can actually be
surprisingly chaotic, especially once
police get involved. There's a similar
system here as in the early GTA games
where the more chaos you cause, the
higher your wanted level gets, which
directly affects the aggressiveness of
the police. While at times they can get
somewhat annoying as you don't really
have any tools to defend yourself with,
it's up to you to not escalate the
pursuit to this degree. So, for example,
there are shortcuts on each track you
can make use of, but they always come
with a catch. On every shortcut, there's
usually various objects placed in your
way, which increase your wanted level
upon hitting them since they're pretty
hard to avoid. This makes shortcuts more
of a strategic decision than an easy
solution. Do you want to drive it safe
and keep the cops behind? Or do you want
to take the risk in hopes of making up a
few places? The choice is yours. In
general, racing in this game is quite a
thrill. Whether you're behind making
your way through the chaos or ahead
overwriting the town with your own
graffiti, which brings me to the
customization. It's got some interesting
features to it, which to this day I
haven't seen again in another game.
Outside of customizing your car, you can
also create your own graffiti design.
This is put together with a color, a
background, and a logo, the latter of
which you can actually draw yourself.
I'm pretty bad at this, truthfully, but
maybe you can make out what I went for
here. This design will then get painted
all over the various tracks and cities
as long as you're ahead, which is
incredibly satisfying. The
affforementioned car customization isn't
anything to write home about, however,
even if there is a full livery editor. I
just found it a little hard to properly
control the editor, so I didn't really
bother with it too much. I suppose what
I am missing are car upgrades, as is you
can only buy cars if you want to get
faster. So, I think a simple upgrade
system would have been appreciated here.
Thankfully, there is a decent variety of
cars to choose from at least. And
honestly, it's probably one of the
wildest car lists out of any Need for
Speed game. I mean, your starter car
choice is literally between a VW Type 2
bus and a Renault 4L. I don't even know
what that is, but I know what a Nissan
Cube is, and that you can customize it,
too. It's a wacky car list for a wacky
racing game. I like it a lot. Prepped
with your car of choice, you can tackle
a surprisingly lengthy career mode where
you travel between five cities all
around the world, each featuring a boss
for you to work toward. Now, these could
not get any more ridiculous as far as
national stereotypes go. But if Midnight
Club 2 can get away with literally the
same thing, why not also this game? In
the care mode, you have a surprising
variety of events between your regular
races. There's also drag races, time
attacks, elimination races, races where
you get to test drive faster cars, and a
drift mode. The latter I didn't really
get cuz the points required seemed way
too high. But this might just be a skill
issue. And it doesn't really matter
anyways because depending on your
performance, you can get a certain
amount of stars per event, which is what
unlocks new events. So, if you don't
like a certain event type, you're free
to just skip it. Last, but certainly not
least, I have to give some appreciation
to the audio design in this game. Not
only is there a genuinely good
soundtrack with plenty of great songs in
there, but also car sounds are way
better than I expected. Coupled with
very satisfying sound effects for
nitrous, you get a game that just sounds
really good. Have a listen.
[Applause]
[Applause]
So yeah, overall I can't stop gushing
about this game. Maybe it's because I
bounced off one of the worst racing
games I've played in recent months, but
Need for Speed Nitro is just plain fun
to play. I love the commitment to sheer
creativity here. Between the car models,
art style, and sound design, it's
exactly the kind of game we'd never get
again these days. It's unapologetically
wacky, and unapologetically itself. And
in the year of All Lord, current year,
it's something I've grown to appreciate
more. You don't have to like this game
to the same degree as me, but hating on
it for being weird and different is just
cringe to me. I mean, it's a Wii
spin-off for Christ's sake. What did
people expect? So yeah, I'll give it
four and a half stars. My favorite game
so far. Play six. Deciding to put an F1
game on this list was an interesting
decision as this is actually a primarily
sim racing franchise, especially these
days. Having played a few of the more
modern ones, I was curious to see where
the series got its start. And learning
that it basically started off as a Wii
game of all things was certainly
surprising. In essence, there are two
ways you can play F1 2009. either as a
sim racer by disabling all assists,
enabling damage and penalties, as well
as fulllength races with pit stops, or
as a casual arcade racer with simplified
handling and shorter races. Boldly, I
decided to play it like a sim racer
first. Once again, with full motion
controls in cockpit view while playing
the career mode, which simulates full
race weekends, including practice and
qualifying. And on paper, this really
works. You get to choose a contract
between two teams where you then have to
work your way up to better teams as the
season progresses. You get to experience
full race weekends, but can also skip
out on practice and qualifying if you
want to just dive into the race straight
away. I decided to at least do a
qualifying run so that I can get
familiar with the handling. And well,
it's not exactly great, but it works if
you put in the effort. It's hard to
speak on this as my only point of
reference are the modern F1 games which
not only have better physics
calculation, but also modern F1 cars
that generally drive a lot better than
the older models from 2009. So, for
example, when I say that wheel spin is
pretty abundant and hard to avoid here,
I can't say if that's an issue with the
game, an issue with me, or just how
these cars handle if you push them too
hard. All I can say is that it was
pretty irritating. And I think the
culprit is that while you can smoothly
steer the F1 cars thanks to the motion
controls, your throttle input is still
digital. From the modern F1 games, I
know that throttle control is extremely
important when accelerating out of
corners. And since in F1 2009, you're
stuck with button presses. It's a bit of
a pain. You can somewhat mitigate this
by tapping the throttle button, but I
wasn't exactly a fan either way. In
general, I noticed that grip behaves
pretty weirdly here, no matter what tire
compound I'm using. It's actually
surprisingly difficult to get the car to
fully spin out. You can even hear the
rear wheels spinning if you're using too
much throttle out of a corner, but the
car will rarely ever actually spin out,
even with all assists disabled. So, for
a sim racer, I think it's actually a
little too easy to control the car,
especially considering you have no force
feedback through the Wii mode. In
general, I think people who want a sim
racing experience out of
F1209 will find the experience falling
pretty short. Overall, damage and
penalties are way too lenient in this
game, and the AI doesn't really try to
avoid collisions either. I could hear
loads of bumping pretty much every time
I had the pack behind me in a
race. But what about people who enjoy
arcade races? Could they perhaps be more
satisfied with tweaked settings and
regular stick controls? H, not really. I
think playing in the exterior cam
somewhat exposes what feels so strange
about the grip in this game. The best
way I can explain it is that the cars
feel and look like they are floating on
the surface. And for lack of a better
word, the handling and racing overall
just doesn't have any bite to it. With
all assists enabled, the cars drive even
easier than before. And as a result, the
driving lacks any sort of depth and
becomes quite brainless, even for an
arcade racer. For people who don't have
the patience to go through full race
weekends, there's a separate challenge
mode available which puts you in various
scenarios and different cars. These
hardly get any more interesting than
having to pass a bunch of cars or
regular arcade style checkpoint race. At
worst, they put you in scenarios that
are just plain unfund to drive. So, for
example, there's one event where you
need to win a race in the rain without
using wet tires. The idea itself already
sounds pretty dumb, but in execution,
this further exposes the shortcomings of
the game. Usually, using slicks in the
rain should result in the car sliding
all over the place. But here, it just
means that you underseily through every
corner to the point where it just
becomes painful. It's just not a fun
scenario, neither on paper nor in
execution. So, what's left then? Well,
for what it's worth, it's a pretty
commendable attempt to put a sim racer
onto the Wii, even if it falls short in
various areas. If you are a fan of F1,
particularly the 2009 season, there's
probably more you can appreciate, like
the driver and track roster. And yeah,
it is pretty impressive that you can
accurately simulate an entire year of F1
on the Wii. But for me, I found myself
just bored for the most part. With the
cars lacking any sort of bite, no matter
how you tweak the settings, and the
general lack of competent AI, damage,
and penalties, I was simply bored for
most of the time. And honestly, I don't
see much reason to pick this game up
again these days other than for novelty
sake. Unless you love F1 and would like
to see firsthand where the modern F1
games got their start, there's really no
reason to play this one anymore. And
despite my general lack of knowledge and
experience with F1 games as a whole, I'm
willing to bet there were better and
more interesting ones available both
before and after this game. I wouldn't
say F1 2009 sucks, but it left me
thoroughly whelmed. So, I'll give this
one two and a half
[Music]
stars. All right. Well, didn't think I'd
ever get to review a Spongebob game, but
here we are. Spongebob's boating bash is
pretty much exactly what you'd expect.
Shameless shovelware that solely exists
to trick parents into thinking they're
buying their kids a good game based on
the character they already like. And
effectively, that's exactly what it is.
I'm just going to rip the band-aid off
and give it to you straight. This game
is garbage. Real garbage. And if you
played this as a kid, I feel sorry for
you. you deserve better. Now, in
concept, putting Spongebob into a racing
game makes fairly little sense since he
is canonically a terrible driver, worse
than Nikita Mazipin, perhaps, but that's
debatable. So, in order for this game to
make any sense and justify its
existence, what we have here is a
destruction derby type game. In this
game's story mode, and I'm putting story
in fat quotation marks here, Spongebob
once again fails his driver's license
test, which actually acts as a quick
tutorial for the controls. He's then
picked up by Seymour, who runs a
different kind of driving school that
specifically teaches you how to be a
terrible driver so that you know how not
to be one yourself. Yeah, I'm not even
going to pretend this makes any sense,
but who actually cares? Before I move on
though, I will say that the cutscenes
look pretty bad. While the voice acting
is actually pretty good with many
returning voice actors from the show,
everything about the animation honestly
just looks really bad. The cutscenes
aren't even funny. And I still laugh
about Spongebob memes, jokes, and
episodes. In fact, I only find it
funnier as I get older. So to take all
of these characters and make it not
funny is almost
impressive. Impressively incompetent.
Now, what's with all the rucket? Oh, we
were helping Spongebob get his license.
Helping Spongebob license. Did I miss
something? Patrick's been living under a
rock, not
me. Equally incompetent is pretty much
everything about the gameplay. Now
granted, my only comparisons as far as
destruction derby games go are the
flatout games and breakfasts, which are
basically the cream of the crop, but
naturally I didn't expect it to be as
good as either of these. But for it to
not even be remotely better than the
likes of Dirt Showdown is just sad. I
suppose the worst thing about the derby
racing in this game is that it lacks any
kind of spectacle. The cars or boats
rather can't really flip over or gain
any sort of momentum upon hitting them.
It's honestly more comparable to bumper
cars. And it's not even a fun iteration
of that as everything is incredibly slow
and the arenas are very tiny and
uninteresting. The damage model, another
thing that would be very important for a
destruction derby game,
exists, so that's good. But it's not
really interesting either. You can lose
various body panels, and that's really
about it. None of it affects the
handling or how much damage you're able
to deal. It's just there. And overall,
the actual driving feels awkwardly
stiff. Now, you could argue, well,
you're not driving actual cars on land.
You're driving boats on tiny tires deep
in the ocean. And to that, I would say,
yeah, you're right. And I don't care.
There are a handful of actual races in
this game where you go a little faster
than usual, but every car just grips
without issues. There's no traction loss
or anything of that kind. But maybe that
would be expecting just a tad too much
from what's essentially a kids game.
Regardless, that still doesn't mean I
need to forgive everything just because
the bar is exceedingly low. In fact, I
found the derby's incredibly
disorienting as the FOV of the camera is
really low for some reason. And with the
game not supporting a widecreen ratio, I
had a really hard time orienting myself.
I typically found myself looking at the
mini map more often than the rest of the
game, which was especially obvious in a
certain event type. Apart from trying to
cause as much damage as possible, there
are events where other cars will drop
car parts you need to collect once they
take damage. This here was probably my
least favorite event type of them all
because you don't actually engage in the
car combat, but rather drive around
collecting these car parts that the NPCs
keep losing all over the place. Some
events feature arenas with what are
essentially bottomless pits, except
they're not bottomless, but still
immediately have you fail the event. Not
very fun. As you might notice, I'm
starting to sound more and more like
Squidward as I'm describing this game.
So, let's just wrap it up quickly.
Spongebob's Boarding Bash is nothing but
shovelware junk that makes me feel bad
for every poor kid who got it for
Christmas. Literally, play any other
destruction derby game. And I really
mean any or hell any other Spongebob
game for that matter if you're more
interested than that. I'll give this
game half a star. Half a Patrick star
you could say. God, this game is so
unfunny. I swear it's rubbing off on me.
We're moving on. And here we have what's
surprisingly our second arcade game port
onto the Wii. That's right. GTA Club
Super Mini
Festa. Wait, isn't it supposed to be
Fiesta? What the hell is a
fester? Anyway, this game was originally
an arcade game, too, much like Cruisin,
which we covered earlier, only without
any funny trademark IP shenanigans. In
fact, it's actually the third iteration
of the game, adding new courses and cars
to play around with. Additionally, the
distribution of the Wii game in Europe
was reportedly disrupted due to an
ongoing series of volcanic eruptions in
Iceland.
Yeah, that was a real thing. Europeans
had a hard time getting to play this
game due to
volcanoes. There's your daily dose of
useless video game trivia. In any case,
it's thankfully not 2010 anymore, and no
volcanoes could stop this European from
playing GTI Club this time. As you would
expect from an arcade game port to the
Wii, it does play very arcadeike.
Tracks are over the top. Tire grip is
more of a suggestion. And overall, you
can tell this game wasn't really made
with a Wii in mind, as it's hardly using
any other motion controls other than the
tried and trueue tilt steering. But
that's all fine because GTI Club Super
Mini Fester is actually great for the
Nintendo Wii regardless. Now, this is
where I have to mention that I played
this and all of the other Wii games in
this video entirely alone. And the
problem with this one in particular is
that you can really tell it's meant to
be played with others. From playing
party game modes on your own to only
having one other opponent in single
player races, playing GTI Club without
someone to share the experience with was
somewhat
alienating. Thankfully though, I didn't
mind it all too much as even alone, this
game was still pretty fun. But I could
tell that this game could only really
shine if you have friends to play it
with. So, what is it you even do in GTI
Club? Well, the game's most notable
quirk is that the entire car list
consists of only budget hatchbacks and
everyday cars. You won't find any
Lamborghinis or Porsches here, but
instead VW Polos and Mini Koopas. I
actually really love this, especially
because each car can be customized in
fun ways, like turning your cars into
police or taxi
vehicles.
[Music]
Reflect changes to car. Yes or
okay. God damn it. Customization is
unlocked gradually as you progress
through the admittedly pretty simple
career mode. You make your way through
various events across the five major
locations the game has to offer. And for
the most part, this is all great stuff.
For one, I actually love the track
designs here. Not only do the tracks
look very detailed, but in general, the
graphics are probably the best we've
seen yet. Seriously, for a Wii game,
this game does look surprisingly good.
Even if at this point in time, the
seventh console generation was already
well underway. But the tracks don't just
look good, they're also fun to drive on
with tons of extreme elevation changes
and loads of traffic. It's funny,
actually. You never actually drive all
that much faster than 100 km per hour,
at least in the early hours of the game.
Yet, the game still manages to feel fast
when you're playing it thanks to the
over-the-top track design and dense
traffic. As I mentioned, in single
player, you're only ever facing one AI
opponent in races. And most of the time,
they're not exactly competitive either.
So, unfortunately, the races themselves
aren't really too exciting. But that's
where the good track designs come in to
keep your attention. Outside of regular
races, you can also participate in
various party game modes, which are
honestly very creative. Besides the
usual tag and king mini games you've
probably seen in other racing games
before, there's also a mini game where
you have to shoot other cars with
tomatoes, or one where you have to
collect more coins than your opponent,
or probably the most fun one, car
soccer. Now, I have quite a few hours in
Rocket League, so naturally I assumed
I'd be killing it in Koka here, but uh I
think the footage speaks for itself
here. Yeah, I just kind of sucked at
this. And admittedly, this would
probably be way more fun with four
players, but still, this was a greater
diversion from the usual racing. With
each event that you clear, you rack up
points depending on how well you were
doing. These points can then unlock new
visual customization or allow you to
upgrade the performance of your current
car. You might also unlock new cars this
way. And unlike in Cruisin, at least
some of your upgrades do transfer over
to new cars, so you can actually
experiment with other cars in this one.
Thank you. In fact, this game is very
generous with giving you new stuff
pretty much all the time, which makes
for a very satisfying gameplay loop. In
my opinion, this is a great example for
a racing game not needing an overly
complex campaign with tons of underlying
systems. Sometimes just giving you a
handful of fun events and constantly
rewarding you with even more fun unlocks
is more than enough to keep me engaged.
I was so engaged, in fact, that I could
overlook some of the game shortcomings,
like the sometimes kind of janky
handling and physics. Yeah, sometimes
the cars would awkwardly crap walk or
gain way more grip at lower speeds, but
overall it's nothing that detracts from
the experience too much, unless physics
is all you care about. But in that case,
I think this is not the right kind of
game for you. GTI Club is really all
about simple, wacky fun with everyday
cars that you might even own yourself.
And I think that's undoubtedly charming.
I can totally see myself coming back to
this one someday with more players.
After all, you can play through the main
career mode in multiplayer as well,
which is extra cool. So, yeah, GTI Club
Super Mini Festa. I still think it's
supposed to be Fiesta. Anyway, four out
of five
stars. Next up, we have a game I have
briefly mentioned before, and
it's Wait, hold up.
You hearing this?
[Music]
Yeah. I don't know why the intro to this
game went that hard, but it did. So, uh,
right. Track Mania Built to Race is what
seems like an adaptation of Track Mania
United Forever onto the Wii. The reason
it's not a direct port is the tracks
themselves being different, as well as
noticeable changes within the physics
we'll get to. Other than that, it's your
standard Trek Mania affair. You can go
hunt medals in pre-made tracks across
various environments and car types or go
build your very own track. The only
major difference this time being the
motion controls. And I have to say that
playing Trek Mania like this was
certainly a strange experience and
admittedly not a very good one. After a
while, I noticed both a pretty awful
dead zone with the steering as well as a
bad linearity with the steering itself.
Let me break it down for you. So, if you
want to do any fine steering with the
motion controls, which could have been
the main benefit of playing with them,
you're basically [ __ ] out of luck, as
the steering only responds at like
around 5° of tilt on the Wii mode, at
which point the car will already steer
way too much to make any kind of fine
adjustments, which is especially
important in a game like Track Mania.
And then once you want to steer a little
more, the car tends to steer way too
much, which is what I meant with the
steering linearity not being tuned
properly. You never really have to steer
all the way with the Wii mode, as the
steering itself is already way too
sensitive. This led to more restarts
than necessary. So, after a while, I
switched to stick controls with the
Nunchuk, which worked miles better. So,
with this game's main gimmick being more
or less useless, what's left is still a
pretty decent Trick Mania game. Now, for
games of this series, both the physics
and tracks are undoubtedly the most
important thing. And since I am still
far from a Track Mania expert, I can't
really give you any meaningful insight
on how they stack up against the main PC
games. What I can say is that they feel
somewhat downgraded, particularly
obvious with the physics being just a
little off, at least from what I
remember. Same with the tracks. They're
not exactly horrible, but some of them
did have what felt like purposefully
deceptive track design that just felt
cheap each time I fell for it. Other
than that, I can really only compare
this game to other Wii racing games I've
played so far. And to that end, I think
this game still holds up pretty well,
which probably says more about how low
the bar is than anything else.
Particularly great is the variety of
events here. There are six event types
represented here, which all feel
distinctively different. with only Bay
missing from the PC version. My favorite
between these is easily Island with its
fast speeds and giant tracks. While my
least favorite probably has to go to
Rally, though, I do blame the motion
controls for this one as I usually liked
Rally quite a bit over on the PC.
Between these different event types, you
can also notice rather jarring graphical
differences, which did throw me for a
loop. While Rally and Desert actually
look rather bad, Coast probably boasts
some of the best visuals we've seen yet
on the Wii. It's quite bizarre. Besides
the usual races, there are also two
additional game modes. In platform,
you're not actually racing to be the
fastest, but rather trying to survive a
track littered with obstacles while
using as few resets as possible. In all
honesty, outside of the different track
designs, this one didn't feel all too
different to regular races. as in those
you pretty much have to complete tracks
flawlessly without resets anyways if you
want to get any other metal than bronze.
And in general, my problem with both of
these is that they're too short. Races
can be as short as 15 seconds, which
would be fine if I didn't need to go
back to the menu and sit through another
loading screen again, again, and again,
only to beat the next race within a few
seconds and repeat the entire cycle. The
only game mode that didn't make me
suffer through loading screen repetition
was puzzle, which is probably my
favorite event type. This one combines
the track editor with the actual racing
portion of the game, needing you to
complete an unfinished track using only
a limited selection of parts and then
finish the track as quickly as possible.
I'll talk more about the track editor
later, but this game mode I did have a
lot of fun with. Different to the PC
track mania is the edit progression and
currency in this one. So, for starters,
most events are locked, and you need to
basically buy out access to them with
points you earn for earning medals on
other tracks. This actually works in the
game's favor, as you can pick and choose
which event types interest you the most,
rather than forcing you to complete all
event types to unlock the next set. So,
for example, you can just beline it
through stadium if that's the only thing
you care about. Points can also be
exchanged for liveries or skins as
they're called here.
And wait, is is that supposed to
be
China? I'll be honest here. Most of
these skins kind of sucked, so I didn't
spend anything here. Alternatively, you
can also exchange points for new parts
in the track builder, and this I
genuinely hate. If this was mostly
decorative items, then fine. But some of
the most basic track parts like boosts
or ramps need to be bought here. And as
such, the shop is massively bloated with
basic parts you have to slowly buy one
after another. That is, if you even
unlock the ability to buy them in the
first place. That's right, you still
need to earn a large amount of medals
before you're even able to buy most of
the parts and in the end have a feature
complete track builder. As such, I
didn't really bother with the track
builder in the first place, because
after all, why even build a track if I'm
working with only a fraction of the
parts and items available? Thankfully,
the track builder itself seems mostly
fine. Placing down parts with the weak
cursor was a little harder than
appreciated, but it got the job done.
What did scare me was the build limit on
here? Like, you're really trying to tell
me that this cobbled up tiny piece of
garbage already hits 10% of the build
limit? I didn't exactly have high
praises for Built and Rac's track
editor, but considering the crazy stuff
you can put there in a fairly short
amount of time makes Track Mania's track
editor look rather puny in comparison.
Though overall, Trackmania 1 is still
generally superior as it has more
features such as adjusting the height of
platforms. So, in the end, what we have
here is a mixed bag as far as Track
Mania games go. It's noticeably
downgraded and obuscated with a
pointless shop, but as far as Wii racing
games go, it's one of the more fun ones
out there. I'll give it three and a half
stars. And honestly, that half star is
entirely thanks to the soundtrack, which
goes way harder than it has any right
to.
to fall in
love. Oh boy, where to even begin with
this game? Need for Speed Hot Pursuit
probably doesn't need much of an
introduction, especially given how it
has gotten a remaster in 2020. Going
into this, I wasn't exactly sure what to
expect, as I was fairly confident this
wasn't going to simply be a downgraded
port of the main game, but what I got
instead, I could not have come up in my
wildest dreams. So, get this. Need for
Speed Hot Pursuit on the
Wii is a card racer.
Yes, they actually attempted to bank on
the Mario Kart audience with this one.
You know, the one who has already been
playing Mario Kart on the Wii for 2
years at that point. What happened here?
This isn't even remotely recognizable as
Hot Pursuit anymore. If anything, it's
got more in common with Blur. In fact,
my conspiracy theory is that this game
is a scrapped Wii port of Blur, which
got repurposed to hold the Hot Pursuit
title. Cuz look at this. There's an item
in Blur called Shockwave, which pushes
all surrounding cars out of the way. And
in Hot Pursuit on the Wii, there's an
item called Soundwave, which does the
exact same thing.
Oh, and now I am deaf. All in all, this
has to be one of the most straight up
scams I have ever seen as far as game
ports go. To be fair, this has happened
before in the case of Carbon the City,
which is also quite different to the
regular Need for Speed Carbon. But that
one has a subtitle to make it obvious
it's a different game. And even then, it
still preserves the general tone of the
main game. This game does not have a
single thing in common with its main
counterpart outside of the car list and
soundtrack. The latter of which has been
butchered with unnecessary instrumental
versions and very questionable
emissions. Like why is Born Free in here
arguably the worst song in the entire
game? But what a color is absent? That
has to be a crime. It's funny thinking
back how Most Wanted 2012 was hated as
much as it was for deviating so much
from the original Most Wanted. Yet, this
here is an even worse example of the
exact same thing. I mean, the games even
share the same cover art. It almost
borders on false advertisement, and I
feel bad for everyone who bought into
this game back then, rightfully
expecting, well, anything but this. But
okay, we're obviously here to judge
these games based on their own merit.
So, is Need for Speed Hot Pursuit on the
Wii at least fun and worth playing? My
answer to that question would be a
resounding no. A hell no. In fact, once
again, the motion controls barely even
function here. With them enabled, every
car feels incredibly sluggish and hard
to get around corners. It's almost like
the cars don't have enough grip.
Actually, in fact, that's exactly what's
going on because the moment I switched
to Nunchuk, the same car felt way more
responsive. I genuinely think they
messed up the steering angle here. And
it's the only game so far I would call
unplayable with motion controls. Without
them, the handling feels fine, at times
even somewhat decent. But that's still
brought down by the atrocious physics.
In all honesty, this has to be one of
the worst physics models in Need for
Speed
history. Oh my god,
dude. First off, there's basically moon
gravity. Or maybe the developers
genuinely think China is on the moon
somewhere. Collisions feel completely
off, which makes for some strange
interactions that never feel consistent
whatsoever. There's also an aggressive
autobalance system in place, which is
painfully noticeable in certain
situations. Driving in this game is
sheer chaos. The physics go haywire
pretty much in every race, and it always
feels like you're at the mercy of its
broken implementation. This isn't helped
either by the track designs, which have
your car go airborne all the time,
usually also right ahead of corners.
Very fun. You can mitigate all of this
with the autopilot power up. one of the
best and worst pop-ups I have ever seen
in a game like this. For a few seconds,
the game will ignore all laws of physics
and logic and essentially play itself.
All you have to do is watch. It's
actually incredibly broken, which makes
it feel really unfair if opponents are
using it to pass you at speeds they
should never even
[Applause]
have. What the hell, man? The worst part
about the racing in this game, however,
is that it gets boring surprisingly
quickly. The main care mode drags you
through a handful of locations, but
unlike a Need for Speed Nitro, you're
actually stuck to one location at a
time, meaning you'll drive on the same
tracks over and over again before you're
allowed to move on. The races are
grouped in sets of events, but each
event always has the same four types of
races, only ordered slightly differently
each time. The most notable event type
out of these is probably the one that
puts 100 cars into a single race. This
is where the game reaches a level of
chaos that's almost entertaining. But I
have to wonder if downgrading the game's
graphics just for the sake of putting
100 cars onto one track was really worth
it because yeah, this game does look
pretty ugly. In fact, I'd say it doesn't
look all too different from the usual
shovelware garbage you could find on the
Wii. If you suffer through enough races,
you get to race against the boss, which
will unlock the next location. And this
boss race is pretty weird. It puts you
into a pseudo open world where you have
to race to get two out of three flags
faster than your opponent. It feels
incredibly gimmicky and also unfair.
Like, why is my first boss already
driving a full GT? If you're sick of
racing, which I wouldn't blame you for,
you can spend some of your accumulated
bounty on new cars and customization. I
love how this doesn't even make sense.
Like, you can't pay with a bounty. While
the car list is actually pretty fine,
nowhere near as interesting as Need for
Speed Nitros, the customization is
actually the worst in the entire Need
for Speed series. Besides a small
selection of rims, all you have is one
body kit per car. It's actually nothing.
The livery editor returns in this one,
and I actually do appreciate the way
they laid it out here. You're basically
drawing on a blueprint of the car, which
makes designing liveries a lot more
precise. Too bad that the livery editor
seems completely non-functional, as my
car turned black after I was done with
my livery disappearing entirely and not
being able to add anything anymore. Very
cool. So, there you have it. Need for
Speed Hop Pursuit on the Wii was nothing
more than a shameless cash grab and is
undoubtedly one of the most bastardized
games in the entire franchise.
I will admit it almost reaches the so
bad it's good again status, but I just
could not get over the blatant name
theft. This is not Hot Pursuit and they
knew it. I just feel bad for everyone
who felt lied to by this fever dream of
a game and thus I'm giving it just one
star. Originally, I was going to give
this one two stars, but I decided to
track one for the permanent hearing
damage this game caused to children all
around the
[Music]
world. Next up, we got a rather
surprising addition. I didn't know the
Flatout series had an entry on the Wii,
so I was pretty intrigued going into
this one. The FlatOut series is actually
my favorite destruction derby franchise.
So much so that I even got all
achievements in Flatout Ultimate Carnage
on Steam. So, what's a Flatout game look
like on the Nintendo
Wii?
No.
[Laughter]
No. We all know where this is going, so
let's just sum this one up real quick.
Physics
atrocious.
Graphics awful.
Sound terrible
races boring. Stunt mode
unplayable. Derby's lame. In every
conceivable way, this game is an insult.
Giving this game to somebody might as
well be the equivalent to taking a [ __ ]
on their living room table. There's
absolutely nothing of value here that
would save this game even for the most
diehard fans. You have to be several
layers deep in delusion to convince
yourself this game is worth playing. If
it wasn't obvious enough, this game is
pretty much FlatOut 3, or at least an
early rendition of it. For those not in
the know, Flatout 3 has held the title
for the worst rated game on Steam for
many, many years. If you want to learn
more, I made a video playing through
that game in its entirety.
Yeah, don't ask why I subjected myself
to that. I don't know either. And Flat
Out on the Wii is basically a tech demo
of it, and a really bad one at that. A
tech demo for one of the worst racing
games known in existence. I could go
into intricate detail on how this game
falls short in several areas, like the
controls, the game play, or the content,
but what's the point? Show. Don't tell,
as they say. And I think what I'm
showing here should tell you more than
enough. The only noteworthy addition in
this game over FlatOut 3 is this game
mode where you can trash a car using
various objects. I picked a metal
pipe. All you do here is shake the Wii
mode like an idiot. It kind of reminds
me of that weird browser game where you
smash the PC. Does anyone remember that?
And that's literally it. There's hardly
even anything to do in this game. The
dby mode only has a single arena and
nothing to unlock. It's pathetic.
There's little to no objects on the
road, and you don't get any boost from
smashing them either. Wasn't this the
entire point of flatout? What a
disgraceful game. Not even worth a
single star. In fact, I'd rather shove
this metal pipe up my ass than play this
again.
All right, next up we got another brand
tie-in game. This one being Hot Wheels
Track Attack. Yeah, that one. Hot Wheels
has had a fairly extensive history with
racing games, most of which I'm not that
familiar with. In truth, the only Hot
Wheels games I played were both of the
Unleashed games, which I actually
enjoyed quite a bit. With Track Attack
being several years older and on the
Wii, I obviously didn't expect anything
on the same quality standard. But
unfortunately, I might have to break
some people's hearts here, as I know
some of you probably look back on this
game fondly with loads of nostalgia. Hot
Wheels Track Attack is just terribly
mid. It's nowhere near as bad as the
last game we looked at, but you can tell
that not a whole lot of effort was put
into this game, which makes sense as
this game was developed by Firebrand
Games, who used to make like five games
a year, most of which being budget
Nintendo DS ports that were mostly
inferior to the versions they were
trying to adapt. But, okay, so what
about Hot Wheels Track Attack is
actually good. For one, I do like the
selection of cars. I'm not too familiar
with Hot Wheels anymore, even though I
loved collecting them until I was like
10. But there's a pretty wide variety of
models here, which at least for its
time, look pretty solid. There's even
models from Acceleras in here, which I
know some people get insanely excited
over, so those are cool to see. You can
also mildly customize the delivery of
them, as well as upgrade the
performance, even though all of it is
pretty basic. Moving on to the game
play, it's nice to say that after three
games with terrible motion controls,
this one actually controls fine. The
handling itself is nothing exactly to
write home about, it's really rather
simplistic, even for an arcade racer.
But thanks to the decent motion
controls, I still managed to have fun
with it. Physics can get a little weird.
Though, I'm fine with chalking this up
to the cars being very light because,
you know, dead toy cars. However, it's
the tracks I am rather split on. On one
hand, there's plenty of boosts, jumps,
and loops sprinkled all over which keep
things interesting. But overall, I feel
like a lot of potential was missed with
these. There's only four environments in
total, and most of these don't really
consist of actual Hot Wheels track
parts. For a majority of every race,
you're just on rather basic terrain with
only a few track parts sprinkled in
haphazardly. When I think Hot Wheels, I
think over-the-top tracks. And these are
really lame for the most part because
the actual track parts are very rarely
even used. But on the plus side, the
tracks do seem pretty lively, especially
the one in the city with a giant robot
causing havoc everywhere. There's
another one with a giant spider crawling
around, which I am deliberately not
showing because it even creeped me out.
In fact, let me update another Wikipedia
page while I'm at it. It's just a shame
that there's almost no opponents here to
keep them lively more consistently, and
they usually cannot keep up whatsoever
either. I get that this is supposed to
be a game primarily for children, but
these races really were too easy. I
would pass everyone right away on the
start and then never see another
opponent again for the rest of the race,
even if I made mistakes along the way.
There are other game modes that are
mildly more challenging, but honestly,
these were mostly boring. The one that
has you go through checkpoints was
infuriating. In fact, because the
autopilot at the start would put me in
an awkward position pretty much every
time. There's another event type where
you need to collect tokens across an
open but very basic map. Not really that
fun, though. Overall, I just found
myself bored surprisingly quickly here.
There's something about this game that
feels rather cheap. And this becomes
most obvious with the track builder. Of
course, you can't have a Hot Wheels game
without one, but in all honesty, this is
the single worst track builder I have
ever seen in a racing game. The way it
works is that you have to start by
drawing a map with the cursor, which
already doesn't work that well, and then
you are limited to this exact layout.
You can redraw certain parts of it, but
it always needs to come down to a full
lap, something that the game will do
itself if you don't do it yourself. And
then you are confined to this layout.
You cannot place parts freely and then
connect them later, but you can only
attach, or rather replace parts of the
track with new parts. This severely
limits the amount of things you can do,
as most of the time I spent trying to
put certain parts onto the track, only
to learn that they would just not fit.
And it's not like there's much to put
down either. There's only two measly
pages of track parts you can pick from.
You cannot change the elevation of parts
either, so forget about building tracks
with big jumps or anything of that sort.
It's so unbelievably basic and gives you
no room for creativity. And if that
wasn't enough, the environment of the
track also looks terrible. I really
don't get this. Firebrand Games has made
far better track builders on the
Nintendo DS. Why does this one suck so
much and in a Hot Wheels game of all
things? It's insultingly bad. So yeah, I
hope this conveys why I felt so
underwhelmed by this game. It just feels
like a lot of potential was thrown out
of the window for what could have been a
genuinely awesome Hot Wheels game. The
way I see it, there's no reason to play
this one anymore today other than out of
nostalgia. In hindsight, it actually
made me appreciate the Unleashed games
even more, especially the second one
because of how much they got right. So,
if you're itching for a Hot Wheels
racing game, go for those instead, as
Track Attack is only getting two and a
half stars from me. What a
shame. How many of these Wikipedia
articles do I got to edit?
All right. Anyways, I bet most of you
didn't even know Driver San Francisco
had an official Wii version. This is
probably the game I was looking forward
to the most, as Driver San Francisco is
actually one of my favorite racing games
of all time. To this day, it is one of
the most creative works in the racing
genre, boasting so many cool ideas and
concepts. It's a game that we will truly
never see
again until now.
Since the original version of Driver San
Francisco was made with the seventh
console generation, aka the PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360 in mind, I was very
curious how this Wii version was going
to look like. After all, there was no
way they could just downgrade the
graphics and call it a day. The Wii
would simply not be powerful enough. So,
what they did instead is build an
entirely different game with its own
map, story, and content. For all intents
and purposes, the Wii version of Driver
San Francisco has little to nothing in
common with its original counterpart.
But is that a good thing? Well, that
entirely depends on how they pulled it
off. We just looked at Need for Speed
Hot Pursuits and how much the Wii
version deviated, and not exactly in a
good way. Putting all that aside though,
let me just get straight to the point.
This is easily the most impressive Wii
racing game I have ever seen. But let's
take this one step after another.
Initially, I had a bit of a chuckle once
I realized the menu sounds were
gunshots. It just reminds me too much of
Shadow the Hedgehog, the edgiest game
ever made. Apart from that though, the
menus actually look really clean with
some nice animations. Going into the
story mode, we follow the footsteps of
undercover detective John Tanner, but
this time on an entirely different case.
Before he's led on the case, though, he
needs to pass a test to make sure he's
up to the task. And this is where my
anxiety immediately skyrocketed, as the
first mission is a call back to the
parking garage tutorial from the very
first Driver game. you know, more
commonly known as the hardest tutorial
in video game
history. See, I told you it's a horror
game. Thankfully, this time it's nowhere
near as difficult and just introduces
you to some of the game's mechanics
because shockingly, this game requires a
nunchuck this time. The triedand-true
tilt steering we've been using in every
single racing game thus far is actually
not available here. And that's because
this game gets a million times more
creative with its motion controls than I
could have ever imagined. So, for one,
you can launch your car forwards or to
either side by swinging the Wii mode
accordingly. This works surprisingly
well and actually becomes incredibly
satisfying later on when you use it to
take down crooks. It makes each chase
feel much more involved. Additionally,
you have nitrous, which you can use by
swinging your nunchuck up. And I'll
admit this did get a little tiresome
after a while. Upon completing the
tutorial, you'll get on with your second
mission aptly called Back on the
Streets, named after the second driver
game. It's honestly really cool to see
so much homage being paid to the rest of
the series. You can tell the people who
worked on this were fans of the series
themselves, and it shows. Once you leave
the garage, you'll quickly find out that
the entire game will take place in an
actual open world. Yes, this is the
first and probably only true openw world
racing game in this video, and it's a
good one, too, with lots of traffic,
hidden shortcuts, and distinct areas,
including many famous landmarks of San
Francisco. There's also various
collectibles and stunt jumps, which will
unlock concept art and character bios,
which I find pretty neat. This is also
where I realized how genuinely great the
handling and physics feel. The cars feel
like real cars with weight to them. You
can see the suspension do its work.
Drifts feel incredibly natural, coupled
with some genuinely fun crash physics.
It's easily the best a Wii racing game
has felt to play so far. I actually had
a lot of fun just driving around in this
one, exploring the map and collecting
XP, which you can invest into various
skills. These can either improve the
performance of your cars, help uncover
more collectibles, or improve your
various abilities I'll touch on in a
second. From this point on, you can also
access your garage where you can switch
cars you've obtained throughout the game
or tackle various side missions. It's a
bit of a shame that most car brands
didn't make it over from the original
game, so you'll have a mix of real and
fictional cars in this one. Though,
obviously, I mostly stuck to Tenner's
classic Dodge Challenger. Missions are
also incredibly varied between standard
races and takedown missions. You have
other missions as well that take
advantage of the Wii motion controls.
Unfortunately, tailing missions are
pretty abundant here as well, at least
in the first few chapters of the game,
but those are kept a little more
interesting using the motion controls.
There's even full-blown rail shooter
segments where you get to cause some
real havoc on the city. It's pretty over
the top, and I love it. In general, it's
hard to ever truly get bored with this
game thanks to all of the ideas it keeps
throwing at you. A major strength of the
original game that has been maintained
here, albeit in a different way. Later
in the game, you'll get additional
abilities. One of which lets you slow
down the game akin to Need for Speed
Speedbreaker and equally as useful here.
The other one letting you whip out a
straightup gun to decimate your
opponents with. The interesting thing
about these is that both of them and the
nitrous all share the same, let's call
it energy bar, so you'll have to juggle
which ability you need the most at any
given moment as you'll never be able to
use everything at once with the guns
especially only being available once the
bar is almost full. It adds a decent
layer of strategy to the game and
incentivizes you to drive risky with
close calls and drifting. So all in all,
Driver San Francisco is so much more
than I could have hoped for. We have a
story that's genuinely interesting,
featuring great characters with stellar
voice acting. Fun gameplay with fresh
ideas and a solid driving model. An open
world that feels somehow more lived in
than most closed track racers we've seen
so far. With games like this one, I once
thought that the best thing they could
be was mere replacements for the
original. But Driver San Francisco on
the Wii showed me that's only the second
best thing, as it is not just a
replacement, but a supplement to the
original game that manages to stand
strongly on its own two feet. It doesn't
cheapen itself with downgraded gameplay
mechanics and copied shrunken down
content. It has its very own identity
that still stays true to what made the
series great in the first place while
not deviating too far from what its
original counterpart established. It
manages to push the boundaries of what
the Wii is capable of and ends up
creating something truly great and
unique in the process. Driver San
Francisco on the Wii is the best thing
that could have happened. the closest
thing to a sequel of one of the greatest
racing games we will never get. And that
is why it deserves no less than five out
of five
stars. Well done. I'm impressed.
When it comes to wacky racing games, I
think the following game fits that
description the most. It even has one of
the wackiest names I've ever heard.
Jimmy Johnson's Anything with an Engine.
I just uh got no clue who Jimmy Johnson
is. Oh, he's an ASCAR driver. That
explains why I'm not from Hamburger
Land. Besides that, the title definitely
does not overpromise the premise of the
game. You'll be driving some of the most
nonsensical vehicles you have ever seen.
A bathtub, check. A coffin, check. A
toilet, check. As long as it's got an
engine, you can drive it. Sadly, there
are only a handful of vehicles available
here. I was kind of looking forward to
lots of wacky automobiles since the
premise really does leave a lot of room
for creativity, but the car roster is
fairly tame all things considered. Each
vehicle is also tied to a specific
driver, and I have no idea if these are
supposed to come from anywhere, but they
seem incredibly random. Sorry, Jimmy,
for not being too familiar with the
extensive lore, but maybe one day you
can tell me about the fat guy that's
driving the toilet car. So, in essence,
this game is pretty much another card
racer, as I expected, but with a twist.
It has no random elements and is instead
entirely
skill-based. Well, at least it tries to
be. Power-ups are not random pickups on
the map, but active inventory items you
can fire off as soon as you unlock them
within the race. In order to do that,
you need to impress the audience with
various actions such as power sliding,
hitting specific parts on the map, and
of course, messing with your opponents.
I'd argue this is probably the most
interesting aspect the game brings to
the table. And yes, from now on, I will
only refer to this game as the game
because there's no way I'm going to say
the full name of it every time. It's
just too damn long. I actually really
like that you get more items as well as
upgrades to your existing items through
more aggressive and skillful driving.
This could have been a cool idea for a
Blur sequel, but um well, we know how
that turned out. Other than that, it's
your standard Card Racer FA, one that
also controls pretty well. So, why do I
hate this game so much? Okay, hate is
maybe too strong of a word, but for
real, I've rarely had a racing game make
me this angry. Clearly worth the
trouble,
bro. What is going on? Oh my god, dude.
And you might wonder why, especially
since I just praised the game for being
more skill-based and less random. To be
honest, maybe I do just suck at the
game. I didn't really have any skill
issues on the other games, so I doubt
it. But for some reason, every race was
a giant pain in the ass, and that's with
the lowest difficulty. I was getting
slapped around left and right with items
and constantly had opponents breathing
down my neck for something that on the
surface seems like it wants to be a
familyfriendly fun racing
[Music]
game. Okay, maybe I take the
familyfriendly back. It was actually one
of the most difficult racing games I've
played for this video. There's no way I
could see anyone without extensive
racing game experience get anywhere in
this game. And so I wanted to understand
why. What makes this game so
unnecessarily painful? Here's what I
observed. For one, your items don't
actually do anything. Half the time, my
rockets weren't hitting their target,
even if they were right in front of me.
And when they did, they barely slowed
them down, even after firing multiple of
them at once. That's because they're
really not supposed to, but instead
damage its target. You see there's this
health bar in the top left of the
screen. And this health bar determines
how fast you're actually able to go.
This has dramatic effects on your car as
the difference in speed between a near
full health bar and a half depleted one
is huge. Your car will also explode if
your health bar runs out. And it's
constantly running out from just
driving. Meaning your car could just
explode from nothing on the spot.
Yeah. explode from [ __ ] nothing. The
only way to restore your health is by
driving through a pit stop, which might
take you an entire lap to get to. And
from what I could tell, opponents don't
seem to get that same speed penalty. In
this one-on-one duel, I hit my opponent
with so many things at once, yet they
were still able to catch up to me just
fine. It's either the most annoying
rubber band ever made, or they're just
cheating. Well, I guess rubber banding
is technically cheating. Anyways,
another thing that bothered me was the
track designs. There was this one track
with three drivers doing the same lap in
reverse, which would lead to multiple
head-on collisions I could hardly avoid.
It's such a [ __ ] layout, man. Oh my god,
dude. But then I realized that the
entire meta in the game revolves around
boosting. Your boost recharges after a
few seconds, and the only way to stay
ahead is by spamming the boost the
moment it becomes available. I don't
think I need to mention how lame this
gets after a while. If the rest of the
powerup items do absolutely nothing, and
your boost is the only thing that
matters, that's all the game is. It's
just a boost spamming simulator where
you need to get lucky not to lose your
health immediately after exiting a pit
stop. So, yeah, this one didn't really
do it for me at all. The idea that you
can drive random objects is admittedly
really, really cool, but even in that
case, I don't think they did anything
interesting with it. None of these
vehicles offer anything unique to stand
out other than some different visual
effects for the power-ups. And to be
fair, this would normally be fine for
any other card racer, but it feels like
a missed opportunity. Going to be giving
this one two stars. Yeah, sorry, Jimmy.
I didn't like your game very much.
And just like that, we've made it. We've
made it to the very last game in this
list. Once more, we'll be diving into
one of Need for Speed's low-budget
ports. This time, taking a look at the
Wii version of The Run. This one has
become quite a bit more beloved as time
went on, as the original The Run was
quite disliked on release due to its
extremely short campaign and awful
performance on console. These days,
people tend to look back on it more
fondly, appreciating its genuinely
breathtaking locations and cars. Just
like with Hot Pursuit, the Wii version
of the Run is an entirely different game
yet again. Though, at least this time,
the general concept of a street race
through the United States is still
present. What's interesting here is that
the story has been mostly rewritten,
which in my humble opinion is definitely
a good thing. Maybe this is a bit of a
hot take since I've never seen or heard
anyone else say this, but I think the
run's story kind of sucked. I never
liked any of the characters,
particularly the protagonist, Jack,
whose voice actor always sounded like he
was about to fall asleep in the
recording booth. None of the characters
in the story were likable to me in any
way. And in general, the story was
barely even put in the foreground past
the initial hour of the game. Every now
and then you just get a cut scene of Sam
telling you to hurry the [ __ ] up or a
random action setpiece or Jack almost
cuming to some ghost at a gas station. I
mean, the main antagonist of the game
doesn't even say a single line. The
reason I'm bringing all of this up is to
highlight how much better written and
acted out the story in the Wii version
is. Sure, you're missing all the
animated cutscenes in favor of less
interesting comic book stills. And
truthfully, these can be pretty badly
drawn at times with inconsistent
character faces and goofy looking cars.
But on the flip side, there's some
pretty decent audio design here that
makes these scenes come alive. But what
actually surprised me here is how the
new characters introduced in this story
are way more personable this time
around. The main character is not some
stone-faced half asleep jackass anymore.
H, get it? But instead an at times
pretty funny dude who you're actually
rooting for. The main change in this
version of the story is that your
sidekick is now actually in the car with
you as a co-pilot, which works way
better than Sam just tuning in every few
races to tell you to hurry the hell up.
Needless to say, the red-head girl,
whose name actually remains a mystery
for the majority of the story, is also
way more likable. I think a lot of my
positive outlook on this version of the
story really has to do with the voice
acting, which is surprisingly better
than in the original version. But okay,
that's enough about the story. What
about the gameplay then? Well, it's
rather fine. It's nothing revolutionary,
but we've also had games with way worse
gameplay in this video. It's very middle
of the road here. The handling itself is
fine, and most cars tend to drive
largely the same, with drifts in
particular feeling fairly awkward.
Though, you don't need to necessarily
drift at all since 99% of all races take
place on very wide, very straight
highway roads. There's fairly little
interesting going on as far as track
designs go, which can lead to the races
feeling somewhat non-interactive. The
game tries to balance this out with some
straight up egregious rubber banding.
And admittedly, it kind of works. The
rubber banding is mostly limited to cops
or special rivals. So, it's not that
bad. And besides, most races in the
story modes have loads of set pieces
that actually decide the outcome of the
race. Oh, right. the set pieces. There's
some unreasonably over-the-top ones in
here that would make even the Fast and
Furious look tame in comparison.
Gameplay-wise, these are pretty lame,
though. All you really need to do is
either steer or press the D-pad in
certain directions. This would have been
a great chance to utilize some of the
Wii's motion controls, but they're
inexplicably absent here. Ah, right. I
almost forgot to bring this up, didn't
I? Yes, The Run on the Wii does not
feature any kind of motion controls,
making this the only racing game in this
video without them. It's pretty strange
to see one without them. And after
playing 14 racing games with varying
degrees of motion controls, I'll admit
that I kind of missed these here. Set
pieces only appear in the story, so if
you're sick of them, you can switch to
the challenge mode. In here, you can try
out the game's various different cars,
which admittedly is a pretty cool
selection. You can also customize them
properly this time. Glad to see they
learned their lesson after Hot Pursuit.
Other than that, the challenge mode is
fairly simple. You earn medals based on
your performance, which will unlock new
events, cars, and customization items
all the time. It's nothing super
exciting, but a nice little addition to
just get a little more out of the game.
So, all in all, what did I think of this
game? The Run on the Wii has to be one
of the more strange adaptations as far
as the Need for Speed series goes. It's
clearly a low-budget title with various
obvious corners being cut, but in some
ways, I actually like this one more than
the original version. Genuinely, I
really wish we would have gotten this
version of the story in the main game
properly animated and all. While the
gameplay itself is just really lacking,
I can't outright call it bad either now
that I have 14 other games as reference.
I would only really recommend this one
to folks who love the original The Run
and want to see a different take on the
same game. Expect some drawbacks, but
also some genuine hidden goodness, like
the soundtrack, for example. It features
remixes of classic Need for Speed music
composed by none other than Mick Gordon
himself. You know Mick Gordon, the guy
who made
this. As for me, I've grown a little
soft spot for this game. So, I'll be
giving this one three and a half stars.
Well, there we go. Those were 15 racing
games that I picked out for the Nintendo
Wii. Now, obviously, there are way more
Wii racing games out there that I didn't
decide to cover in this video for one
reason or another. However, if the
demand is there, I will check out some
more Wii racing games on my Twitch
channel. So, make sure to follow me over
there. But yeah, looking back overall, I
think the Wii racing games library was
very mixed in quality. I did make two
other videos just like this one on
Nintendo DS and PSP racing games, and I
feel like in those, we could obviously
also observe very different qualities
when it comes to the games, but it feels
like there was something a bit more
consistent throughout. I feel like with
the Wii, everything felt a little bit
more volatile, like either the games
were really great or really terrible.
There was very rarely any in between
where I was just like, "Ah, this game is
just okay." But what did you think?
Which of the games that I played and
showed in this video did you like the
most? Let me know in the comments below.
And also, if you want me to make more
videos like this one, make sure to give
it a like and subscribe for more content
in the future. And with that, thank you
all so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next one. Take care,
everyone.
[Music]