Hello everybody and welcome back to
another Slip on Switch video. With the
with the release of the Switch 2 swiftly
approaching, I thought it would be fun
to make a series of videos going through
all the incredible games that Nintendo
has given us. From first-party releases
to third party games that Nintendo
published in North America to
first-party IP that Nintendo that third
party developers give us amazing
experiences
for the Switch really has an incredible
library and I'll be making a series of
videos going through all these
yearbyear. This in will be the same for
all of them. So, if you've already seen
it, you can skip ahead or you can watch
it again. And each video will be linked
in the description below. So, subscribe,
ring the bell for notification on future
videos. And let's get started. I will be
focusing only on the
games,
steelbooks, and the collector editions.
While I do have a lot of amazing
merchandise from a lot of incredible
sources, I'll be only focusing on set
products.
So, let's get
started. Hello everybody and welcome
back to part three of my Nintendo Switch
first party releases retrospective. In
this video, we're going to be covering
the entirety of 2019, the third year of
the Switch's lifespan. Had some really
amazing releases and some incredible
games and experiences. It's also an
interesting year for my collecting
because it brought in a lot of
imports that I got for various reasons.
So, not to dally too much. Let's get
started. We're going to talk about each
thing as it goes along. So, the first
game we got in the US for 2019 was
Fitness Boxing 1. This released February
4th in the US, but in Japan, it released
December 20th, 2018. But I'm pinning in
this video because this is based off the
US release dates. Now, the fitness
boxing series is from Imagineer, but
Nintendo published the three fitness
boxing games, numbered releases for the
Switch. There were some spin-offs that
were not published by Nintendo, but the
main entries are Fitness Boxing is a fun
series. I play them a bit. Um, you know,
another series I want to play more than
I do. You know, just boxing to the
rhythm gets you moving. You know, you
got to get stand up, use those Joy-Con,
and just have fun. you know, the all the
tracks included are just um
instrumental. They don't do any of the
vocals, but it's, you know, you have a
fun
um array of music to punch to and some
fun customizable
um instructors with different outfits
and overall just a fun simple game.
Really enjoyed it. I play probably
played this one the most out of the
three and I'll talk about each one as it
goes along. So, I'm not going to dally
too much on it.
Next up on January 11th, we got another
Wii U port with New Super Mario Bros. U
Deluxe. This combines New Super Mario
Bros. U, which was, I believe, a launch
title for the Wii U, and it's and New
Super Luigi U into one package with some
added content in both games. I was
really excited for this because I love
2D Marios and this was just a lot of fun
playing through. I played this a lot. I
definitely played New Super Mario Bros.
U more than Luigi U. And I really had
fun just trying to get as many um
collectibles as I can and completing
each one. I did have a lot of fun going
through them both and with all the with
the new characters and various changes
and additions. It was a lot of fun. I
also had all the DLC included from the
main game. Um, I did get a European copy
for this one because right after it came
out, I was actually going to visit my
aunt and uncle in Manchester and the
Nintendo Europe store, the Nintendo, you
know, UK and Europe European websites
for a lot of their games if you order
them, they come with bonus goodies. And
this came with some pins and a map. And
I was like, let me get it because
especially since I was going so soon
after launch to visit my aunt there. And
I've since got a lot of stuff. I said in
my intro that I'm not going to be
focusing on all this side stuff that I
got. But this this game was the first
one I got the European goodies for and
definitely didn't stop
there. So yeah, did you play this game?
Let me know what you thought of this
game. Let's discuss it. All right. Now
to move on to the next game we got on
March 29th Yoshi's Crafted World, a new
entry in the Yoshi um focused games.
This game was a really really cute and
simple game where just, you know, a 2D
platformer with Yoshi collecting
collectibles and all that stuff. And I
really enjoyed this. I did play through
the thing. I did find it, you know, a
bit slow and hard to keep my attention
sometimes, but I really, really enjoyed
it. And the craft visuals were just
fantastic in this game. I really,
really, really like this.
And I should I should revisit this one
because it is it is fun. It's cute. And
I don't have, you know, a lot to talk
about, but I did enjoy it. So, yeah,
Yoshi's Crafted World. Let me know in
the comments what you think of this one
and let's discuss it. So, now moving on
to the next game that released. We have
the on April 12th, we got the fourth
entry in the Labo VR and also the last
one a with Nintendo Labo for VR. So, I
have the cartridge for that. And I also
got for this
the Toycon 4 VR starter set. There was a
few different VR attachments you could
get. So there was a bundle that came
with all of them. There was the starter
set for a little bit cheaper that came
with just some of them. And then also if
you started with this, you were able to
get the expansion sets with the other VR
kits. So there's a couple different ways
to get the different VRs. I didn't play
it though. I didn't try it. I always
wanted to try it. It seemed really cool,
especially since they added into a
couple games like Captain Toad and
Breath of the Wild and Mario Odyssey and
Mario Kart and Smash. Did they do Mario?
Yeah. No, they No, I don't remember if
they did Mario Kart. Anyway, they added
a lot of functionality into a lot of the
games that were already released and I
really wanted to try it out, especially
trying Breath of the Wild in the VR, but
I never got around to opening it up and
putting it together. Maybe I should. So,
Labo 4 VR, let me know what you think of
it. If you just played the main modes
included in this or did you try it out
with any other of the other games that
were previously released? Let me know
and tell me if I should try it
out. All right, next up
on June 28th, we got the long awaited
Super Mario Maker 2. I know people were
talking a lot about this coming to the
Switch before it was announced and it
was finally when it was it was finally
announced and people were excited. Um,
ultimately at launch, it didn't get the
greatest reception, especially a lot of
the online modes were very broken and it
wasn't didn't control as well as the Wii
U version. I didn't touch the Wii U
version, but I did play it for a bit on
the 3DS. Not a ton, just a bit. So, I
was really excited for the second one.
Um, I am not very creative when it comes
to making different levels. I remember
watching a lot of YouTube videos of like
levels people would make. I'll be like,
"Oh my god, people are incredible with
what they come up with." But that was
not me. I did enjoy what I played,
though. I didn't play a lot though.
Really didn't play a lot of this one.
But this is Mario 2D Mario fun times
and it would be cool to see how this
Mario Maker franchise, mini franchise,
whatever you want to call it, continues.
It also did get in Europe a really cool
steelbook released for the game. And to
make the steelbook a little bit unique,
it came with a little plastic slip cover
which shows the Mario and some of the
elements on the grid. And then you can
put the slip cover on which adds in all
more elements that you can add on.
Really cool steelbook. I really like
this one. Was a little hard to get, but
not too hard. I'm just like me deciding
how to get it. Um, so yeah, Super Mario
Maker 2. What do you think of this game?
Let me know in the comments and let's
discuss
it. Next up on July 19th, we got Marvel
Ultimate Alliance 3 from Koe Techmo. was
a Nintendo Switch exclusive. Not a first
party IP, but an exclusive game to the
Switch and Nintendo
published. And I was a big fan of the
Marvel series, especially when this came
out. Now, I'm I still love the Marvel
series. I'll go see and whatever comes
out for it, but you know, definitely the
MCU is not the same quality used to be.
Um, I never really got into like the
Marvel universe beyond the Marvel, you
know, the MCU and the TV shows. I never
really got into comic books and whatnot,
but I was really excited for this game.
Ultimately, when it came out, I didn't
really play it all that much and I
really really this is, you know, one of
the games I keep on thinking I should go
back to. There was a bunch of DLC also
released for this
game. Um, so I, you know, there's
there's stuff to play. I should I should
give this game another go. So, yeah.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black
Order. Let me know in the comments if
you play this and let's discuss it. Now,
let's move on to the next one
with and yeah, sorry. On July 12th, we
got Dragon Quest Builders 2. Another
Square Enix game that was published by
Nintendo. This game was also not a
Switch exclusive or a you know, it
didn't launch first on Switch, I
believe, but nevertheless, in the US,
this this was published by Nintendo.
While it released July 12th in the US,
it released in Japan on
um December 20th, 2018.
I believe. Might have gotten that wrong.
But anyways, so this is the second
Dragon Quest Builders game and they're
both on Switch. I didn't love the, you
know, I only played the first one for a
few minutes. Um, and so I didn't really
touch this one. Just picked it up for
the collection. But it looks good and I
heard good things about the Dragon Quest
Builders games. So if you play this, let
me know in the comments and tell me why
I should give this series another go
because it does look cool. All right,
now for the next game. One of my
favorite games on the Switch. We have on
July 26th, we got Fire Emblem Three
Houses. This game, this is the Japanese
version of the game. This game is
incredible. But before I talk about the
game, it did come with a collector
edition. This is the US collector
edition, and it came
with a steel book.
There was also a European collector
edition that was slightly different, but
I only picked up the U. I didn't pick up
the European one. I picked up the US
one. And I also picked up the Japanese
collector edition for this
game because it came with another
steelbook. Now that I'm thinking about
it, I don't remember which one was
which. This might have been the US one.
This might have been the Japanese one.
This might Anyways, different artwork on
the inside, but both of these steelbooks
have the others artwork as the inside.
And I was like, at first I was like a
little meth like buying two collector
editions just for the steelbooks. But
then I actually got to playing the game.
I wasn't in the US when this game
released, so I didn't play it right
away. But when I got back, I dove into
the game. And boy, this game became one
of my favorites on the Switch. Let's
move these
over. H. Sorry. All right, I'm
back. Fire Emblem 3 was my first real
Fire Emblem game. I previously played
Fire Emblem Warriors, you know, as I
spoke about that in the previous video.
I did I did sell my US copy for the
games. I have my Japanese
copy. Um, and this game is just
incredible, you know. And I did say my
first proper Fire Emblem experience, but
some of you will be like, "You never
played a Fire Emblem game if you played
it on casual mode?" Yeah, okay. I played
on casual mode because I'm not like, you
know, that skilled.
But this game gives you three options at
the beginning. Which house do you want
to choose? Do you want to go into the
blue lions, the golden deer, or the
black eagles? Blue lions is the right
answer. Blue lions is the best house. So
yeah, I started off with the blue lions
and you get to pick, you know, male or
female bith. And you start your life as
a teacher in a monastery where you go
around meeting your classmates and
interacting well not meeting your
classmates meeting your students and
interacting with all
them you know and then you start then
the battles with some really really
really fun turn-based battles with a
great strategic combat that I got hooked
into. I loved it and definitely made me
want to play a lot more Fire Emblem and
I did play some but not all of them and
definitely more to play and this game
was just amazing. I did play the Blue
Lions route at launch and absolutely
loved it. A few months later, I started
the Golden Deer route and then the
fourth wave of the DLC. So, the story
DLC came out. So, I picked that up.
Played the DLC in middle. Got the DLC
characters. Love the DLC. Amaz also. I
love the DLC characters. Some of my
favorite characters in the game are from
the DLC. And I played the Golden Deer
route. And then I took a long break.
That was a few months after the break
between those two. took a long break
till I finally got to the black eagle
routes and I'll I'll mention you know
when I played it a little bit later you
know in a different by different games
but played the black eagle route you
know one and a half times because you
know the black so each of the three
routes is a completely different story I
should mention um the first half of the
game is very much similar depending you
know do you just start with different
characters and you could recruit
characters and other things but the
second half of the game which has a five
your time skip vastly differs depending
on which house you
chose. So if you choose the black eagle
house, there are two different routes
you could take post time skip depending
on if you do certain things in the first
half of the game. So only that has that.
So there's three starts, four endings
for the game. So I did them all and I
loved every second of it. And this game
is just incredible.
And if you haven't tried it, I really
hope you try this one because this is
one of my favorite games on the Switch
and it's just truly truly an incredible
experience. I love it. All right, I
think I spoke enough about this one. So,
let me know in the comments what you
think of this game and let's discuss.
And remember, Blue Lions is the best
house. I don't care what anyone says
about Adal
Guard
Matri. All right, that was this game.
Next up on September 6, we got the
physical release of Tetris 999. The
digital version of Tetris 999 came out
as a Nintendo Switch online free game.
If you have the subscription, you can
play it for free. That digital version
came out
on February 13th, 2019. And in Japan,
the physical came out on August 9th, but
in the US, we got on September 6th. So
Tetris 999 is a free game if you pay for
their subscription where you play Tetris
against 99 other players and it
manipulates everyone's board and you
have a lot of fun. They later introduced
some DLC which gave, you know, some
single player modes and other modes. I
never actually dived into the DLC, but
if you got the physical release, it came
with all the DLC included on the
cartridge. So it's really cool that it
did get that physical release, but you
don't need it to play the main Tetris
mode, but you do need online because it
is a multiplayer game. And the game does
get a lot of support, even continuing
all the way till now in
2025. The game constantly gets every
almost every time Nintendo releases a
new game, they add themes into this for
that you can get an unlock with music
and with different music and
backgrounds. And I really should go back
in because I believe there is a way to
unlock all like the events that you
missed. You still get the themes from. I
play this quite a bit at launch. I love
Tetris, but I didn't love the
multiplayer part of Tetris. That was
just too much stress and chaos for me. I
did play it a bit at the beginning,
especially to unlock different themes
and music. I really should dive back in
because I love Tetris and there's a lot
to do in this release. It's really cool.
They gave it a physical release. And if
you bought the physical release, you do
get a you did get a year of the
individual membership. So, definitely a
great value with this little package.
It's a great game. So, yeah, Tetris 99.
Are you still playing this game? Have
you played this for a bit? Let me know
in the comments what you think of it.
Let's discuss it. All right, moving on
to the next game. We have on August
30th, we got Astral Chain. This is a
game from Platinum Games exclusive to
the Nintendo Switch. And I got the
European version with this really,
really nice collector edition. It was
actually a really good price for this
collector edition, especially importing
it back then with exchange rates. I paid
and I think I may have even got like a
good deal, maybe like a price mistake or
something from Amazon Germany. But yeah,
really really
um great buy. And when this game was
announced, I was immediately intrigued.
It just looks so much fun and this
looked like something I'd really latch
on to. And I didn't end up playing it
when it came out. It ended up sitting in
my backlog for a while and then I
decided in like the beginning of the of
the year, I'm gonna there's I'm going to
take like five games from my first party
backlog and play them. And this was one
of the five games I chose. And I finally
played it a few week month a few weeks
ago I would say at this point as of
recording. And I love the game. I was
having so much fun playing through this
game. And the combat's a lot of fun. I'm
not amazing with the combats. Um didn't
understand everything I was doing, but I
had a lot of fun doing it and playing
it. I was having great time with the
missions and the characters. I was
really enjoying it. The story and the
music in this game is incredible. The
visuals
take took take a little time to get used
to the visual style. I'm not going to
say it looks bad on the Switch because
it doesn't looks great on the Switch,
but just the visual style that they went
for. Took me a few minutes to get used
to, but I was hooked in this game. But
then I got to the final chapter and I
was invested in it. And then I got to
the ending and I was just
like like that that like literally just
ruined my experience with the game. And
some people I spoke to didn't feel that
way. And I know they want to continue
the series. So, I really hope it does
get a continuation because if this gets
a sequel, I will dive into that. I will
dive into the sequel cuz I love this
game. And yes, the ending might not have
lived up to my expectations, but that's
also could just be a me thing. And I
would love to see this series continue.
So hopefully it does. So yeah, Astral
Chain, if you play this game, let me
know in the comments what you think of
it
because we can discuss this. All right,
moving on to the next game is on
September 13th. We got Damon X Machina.
This is a Marvelous IP and published by
Nintendo for the Switch. This was a
Switch exclusive at launch and for a
while eventually did get ported to other
systems. I also also got a really cool
collector edition in the EU.
this really big one and it came with a
really cool statue and art book, but the
main reason I got it was for the
steelbook because I love my
steelbooks. Um, I did play the demo for
this game a little bit before it came
out and it wasn't hooking me right away.
It was definitely something that if I
gave it more time, I could have changed
my mind, but I never gave it more time.
So, didn't really play this one all too
much. So, yeah. Damon Xmachina, if you
play this game, let let me know. If you
played it on the Switch or on other
systems, let me know as well cuz I
interested to hear what people think of
this game. So, all right. Now, moving on
to the next game. On September 20th, we
got The Legend of Zelda: Link's
Awakening. This is a remake of the Game
Boy game, and I heard really good things
about it. I never ended up playing this
myself. I do want to, and I always found
the art style really interesting.
And I also got the European collector
edition. It's really cute collector
edition. I managed to get that. And it
came with what has to be my favorite
steel uh not my favorite, but my
favorite Nintendo steelbook. I just love
how because it's a Game Boy remake, they
made the steelbook look like the game on
the Game Boy. And if you flip around the
back, you see like the cartridge in the
Game Boy. I just love that detail on
this steelbook.
Um, so yeah, so a lot of European
imports and we're not done with them yet
for this year. It's really funny how
looking back as I was preparing for this
video, you know, I got European
collector editions for Astral Chain,
Damon X Machina, Link's Awakening, but
my favorite game of the year and one of
my favorite Switch games for Fire
Emblem. I got the Japanese and the eur
and the US collector edition, but not
the not the European one. Maybe I should
chase it down just for the
prosperity. Probably shouldn't
though. Um, anyways, back to Links
Awakening. I didn't really play this.
Um, I did play Echoes of Wisdom. I'll
talk about them, which continued the art
style and really made me interested in
going back to play this. So, maybe I'll
have to find time to get to it because I
am definitely interested. I also do want
to play more Zelda games because I only
really played the new ones on the
Switch. I haven't played any of the
remakes on the Switch. So, yeah. Legend
of Zelda: Links Awakening. Let me know
what you think of this and which version
did you play. If you played this one, if
you played the originals, if you played
all of them, let me know because I want
to hear what people think about this.
So, comment below and let's discuss
this. All right, going to move on to the
next game.
Now, next up on October 18th, we got one
of my favorite gimmicky games for the
Switch, Ring Fit Adventure.
And it came in a box with the extra
accessories with the leg strap and the
ringcon. So Rick Ffit Adventure is a
exercise game that you makes you move
while you play the game. Think of it as
like a sort of successor to the Wii Fit
games where you know you got to move.
But this game is a lot better than that.
I did play Ringfit. Uh I did play Wei
Fit quite quite a bit. So, Ring Fett
really intrigued me with the RPG
elements to it. And I have to say, I
loved it. When you have the Ringcon and
the leg strap, you're running around in
place using the ring using the leg strap
and using the ringcon to do all these
different exercises. But having it in
a RPG- like story is just made the game
so much fun. But to join me to talk
about it, let's welcome back to the
channel.
Hi, good to be back. Hey, so Rick of
Adventure is a game that's, you know, us
being two bigger guys. Um, I definitely
need to play this more.
I definitely need to play this more than
I do. And I always enjoy it, but I'm
lazy, so usually I just want to lay down
and play my Switch without having to
move. But I always enjoyed when I do
play this. It was a great game. It was a
cool concept. I remember playing Wii
Sports on my Wii and then Wii Fit. This
was a natural progression from that. I
mean, I didn't buy it in 2019. I bought
it when the pandemic hit. And it was one
of those things that the gimmicks made
it feel so much nicer not actually
having a gem. I felt Yeah, as you said,
it's very gimmicky. But the idea that
you got the the thing that you're
squeezing, the ring con, and you got the
leg strap that makes you move your legs
and all the motion you're doing with it,
I thought it was really great. It wasn't
a great substitute for a gym, per se,
and I thought it was very, you know, it
kind of lacked in some depth. But for a
game that's about getting fit, it
certainly made getting fit fun. I didn't
put more than 10 hours into it. But I
still really enjoyed the game because it
made me move my hips, made me do things
that the pandemic really robbed me of me
not going to a gym. So for me, this is a
game I didn't pick it up day one, but I
did pick it up. And I just Was it the
pandemic? I don't remember when or why I
picked it up. I think I got on a bit of
a sale, but What did you pay then? I
don't remember. Was it more than 79?
What did you pay for it? Was less. I
don't remember what I paid for it. The
sale price was 79, right? That was the
original price. Yeah, I paid the
original price, but the pandemic just
drove everyone
crazy. I think I got it. It sold for
like 150. I think I got it before the
pandemic. But as a game, you know, I do
go through stages like, okay, I'm going
to play Ring Fit more often. I play it
for like two weeks and I just, you know,
stop playing it. But it's not even
really fully two week.
Hey, I did do more than two weeks at
some points in my life. Not
continuously. No, continuously before
you knew me.
But I just love like going through the
story mode and just the atmospheres and
the Wait, there's a story mode? It
didn't feel like a story. Okay. Yes, the
story is very light, but it's still the
story mode or the adventure mode. Just I
love the atmospheres and the music and I
find like the humor and the writing
funny even though it's not like the
greatest thing, but it is the voice
acting was great. I love the very
over-the-top enthusiasm.
Some of the lines in this game always
just make me cackle when I hear that.
How about the flaming hair? Like, can we
not talk about that as a never do again
ever in a video game? No, that needs to
make a comeback more. As I look at the
boxer over here, I'm really reliving the
game. It's almost like Breath of the
Wild meets like fitness training kind
of. just all the different exercises and
the turnbased battles and the stamina
and the skill trees and just it just
makes like I love playing RPGs. So just
like having the RPG mechanics in an
exercise game was just such a good idea
and I loved it. There's all these other
side modes and I don't love all the mini
games, especially in this and like some
of the mini games just drive me nuts.
But I I really enjoy this game and I'm
always like I got to play Ring Fit more.
But yeah, I would like to play it more,
but I'm at the point where I actually go
to the gym and I also walk like a
minimum of 5 hours a day for work. So
the last thing I'm really motivated to
do is go and play some Ring Fit
Adventure. I also am on my feet most of
the day at work. So, I also just like
laying on my back when I get home
playing video games and But there's also
a gym that beckons you. Yeah, that too.
That too.
So, what did you guys think of this
game? Yeah. So, yeah, Ring Fit. I I'm
really curious to see if they do
anything with the Ringfit brand on
Switch, too. How many of you bought it
because of the pandemic? That's what
we'd like to know. And it would be cool
to see some two-player capabilities in
future entries in the if ringit becomes
a brand. It would be cool to see if they
don't charge more than they charged for
this for it. But yeah, so Ringfit
Adventure available only in this
accessory bundle. Did you play it? What
did you think of it? Let us know in the
comments. Let's discuss this game. This
was a lot of fun. I love this game and I
need to play it more. Yeah. Remember,
Adventure Way to Fitness. Yep. So, all
right. Let's move on to the next
one. All right, back to just me. Next up
on September 27th, we got Dragon Quest
11 S Echoes of an Elusive Age Definitive
Edition. This is another Square Enix
game that was published by Nintendo on
the Switch, at least in the US, and was
later ported to other systems. But
before this was brought to the Switch,
it was previously released on PlayState,
PS4, and
3DS. But then that was like the base
version of the game. And this is the
like expanded special edition,
definitive edition. There's like the S
for special and def definitive edition
with a lot of more content and different
modes. And this version later got
published other systems. This is like
the definitive edition, but this version
of the game was Switch exclusive for a
while. I've always wanted to check out
the Dragon Quest series because I love
RPGs. I didn't grow up playing a lot of
games. The Switch ever really introduced
me to a lot more
and Dragon Quest is one of those series
I didn't play much. This game also got
an incredibly long demo for the Switch.
I think it was like 10 hours or more,
the first like 10 hours of the game. And
I was playing that demo. I was really
enjoying it, but I was also like really
focused on Fire Emblem 3 Houses when I
was playing that demo. So, I never
finished the demo, but I was really
enjoying it and then got this game and
never like ended up getting back to it.
So, it's another one of the games that I
really want to get back to. I mean, I'm
going to restart it or something. I
guess play or get back. I don't know.
Anyways, I've heard really good things
about this and it's it's a game I really
need to. So, yeah. Dragon Quest 11 S
Echoes of Elusive Age Definitive
Edition. Let me know in the comments
what you think of it if you played it
and let's discuss this. All right, now
let's move on to the next
game. Next up on October 31st, we got
the third entry in the Luigi's Mansion
series. We got in release worldwide we
had the game but over in Europe they got
a exclusive steel book to show
this steelbook had some glow in the dark
elements.
Hey Luigi's Mansion. What about it?
Luigi's Mansion. What What about it? I
have loved Luigi's Mansion since the
Gamecube when it was our launch title. I
love everything about like Luigi being
his own character in a game that is
Luigi centric and the quirky e gad and
Luigi being scared of every damn boo.
That was everything. And then Dark Moon,
which that's not right now. And Luigi's
Mansion 3 giving me that nostalgia and
literally screaming almost throwing my
Switch controller out my window. I was
so excited. I'm just I'm I was
speechless when this came out. So, as
someone that hasn't played the first
Luigi's Mansion or the third Luigi's
Mansion, I only played Luigi's Mansion
Dark Moon for a little bit. Tell me why
should I play this game? Luigi's
Mansion. We'll go with the Gamecube
first. Well, I don't have access to that
game. So, let's only talk why I should
play the third game. Either way, it's a
great point to start cuz it established
this. It had the idea of like boss-like
ghosts much better so than in again the
next game. But this game brought ghosts
as a boss gave a lot more sub area and
area to each of these bosses that was on
like each floor that had like a cool
gimmick. Luigi's Mansion the original
had small rooms with a theme and maybe a
couple rooms that were a suite of rooms
with a theme. Luigi's Mansion 3 amped it
up and gave a new concept. Like here's
Gui. Oh my gosh, Luigi can squirt out a
little copy of him in like goo. It's so
cool. And the fact that everyone's on
some innocent holiday and of course it
goes wrong. Super Mario Sunshine
much. It was so fun playing that game
because it was it was beautiful HD
graphics for Luigi's Mansion and I loved
that. I got a whole bunch of nostalgia,
but it wasn't in the same way that it
was pure nostalgia. It was that this is
something new. It's familiar, but more
importantly, it was an entirely new
experience. And that was one of the
things I loved on the Switch was new
experiences that I have not experienced
on a Nintendo console because the Wii
did not deliver that to
me. So, yeah, Luigi's Mansion 3 is Did
you play this game? If you have, let me
know. Let us know in the comments what
you thought about it. Let's discuss it.
Were you a scaredy-cat like Luigi? I
might have been. I might be. I might be.
I might have laughed my my my behind off
several times on that. So, with two of
the three available on the Switch, let
us know what's your favorite what's your
favorite entry from the series. It
better be number three. Anyways, now
thanks and let's move on to the next
one. Thanks, K. You're welcome. Right.
Next up on November 5th, we got Mario
and Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo
2020.
This game is really interesting for a
lot of ways. Um, but this game also
released in Japan on November 1st
instead of November 5th that we got
elsewhere. This Mario and Sonic at the
Olympic Games is a longrunning crossover
franchise of two incredible gaming
icons and started all the way back on
the Wii and the
3DS and it was really really cool like
miniame style based off the
Olympics and
I did not really I played a little bit
of those initial entries, but the most I
played was Olympic Winter Games
Vancouver on the DS. I played that game
for hours and I loved the little
adventure mode story mode that they had
in that game, which unfortunately didn't
really come back in any of the future
ones
properly. So, Mario and Sonic Olympic
Games Tokyo 2020. I was really excited
for this on Switch because I wanted to
get back to that, you know, because I
loved that original game, but I never
played this one and in the end too much.
It's also really interesting how this
these Olympic games never even happened
due to unfortunate events in the world.
So, it's really cool that we have an
official game for it. There's actually
two games, both by Sega on the Switch.
One with Mario and Sonic and one just
Olympics. There was also a Sonic
Olympics, but that was only for mobile,
not on Switch. Sega really released a
lot for the Olympics that never
happened. And I would love to see this
series make a return and see how they
can make it better, but apparently the
license isn't there anymore. So yeah,
this game was published by Sega, but it
uses Nintendo IP, so it's in this video.
And it doesn't even like have Nintendo's
name on the case besides like the
official seal that everyone has, but all
the logos are Sega. So, Mario and Sonic
at Olympic Games Tokyo 2020. Did you
play this game? Let me know in the
comments what you think of it if you
did. And now for our last game of 2019,
we have Pokemon Sword and Pokemon Shield
released on November 15th.
these this new generation, the first
generation for the Switch was a really
cool release
and I played Sword. I really really
enjoyed it. There was a lot this game
that might not have been done as well as
it could have, but they were really,
really, really fun games. Really enjoyed
it. I also picked up there was also a
steelbook for Pokemon Sword released in
Europe, a steel book for Pokemon Shield
released in
Europe. And if you got this double pack
from Europe, you also got the Gold Steel
Book for both games. Now, the Gold Steel
book was also available in the US.
They're going to have the double pack
available in the US. It might have been
a Target exclusive in the US. It was
actually cheaper for me to import this
from Amazon UK than it was to buy it in
the US at Target. I'm pretty sure. Yeah,
I'm pretty sure if I remember correct,
this was a Target exclusive in the US.
So, we also got Nintendo New York
service. I saw it
there. And I enjoyed this generation.
Um, I never ended up playing more
Pokemon after this released on the
Switch, at least like the mainline
games. So, it was fun. Um, kind of like
was like not super into it anymore.
I always like I love Pokemon. I The
games need to do something to get me
back to them. Maybe just me. There was
also um this is also the first Pokemon
generation to not have like a third game
later on down the line, but instead it
got
DLC. So that was an interesting change.
um DLC was a separate purchase, but they
did release on November 6th of 2020.
They released a DLC cart which included,
you know, there was one for Sword in the
DLC and one for Shield and the DLC. So,
if you wanted that all on cartridge, you
were able to get that. That was, you
know, a lot more, you know, a bit more
expensive, but it was about the same
price as buying a game and the DLC just
on a cartridge. So, it was pretty cool
that they released that they did that
for these
games. So, yeah. Pokemon Sword and
Shield. Let me know what you think. what
you thought of them and let's discuss
this in the
comments. So yeah, and with
that, our video for 2019 comes to a
close. Definitely a very um varied year
with releases, some really cool
experiences and third-party games that
Nintendo published or, you know, used
Nintendo
IP and a wide variety of imports. Like I
got a lot of games imported this year,
which really started a trend, which
might not have been a good trend. Might
have been a bad good trend. I don't
know. Let me know what you think about
importing so many games. Yeah, this was
a funny year for Switch and a funny life
in general that year. Um, a lot going
on. Very busy. Big life changes with
moving and settling into new jobs and
just playing games and having a blast
with all that. It was it was 20 just
thinking back 2019 was an interesting
year. So yeah, it was a fun year for
gaming and this was a fun video to make.
So I'm going to keep on making more of
these. Hope you're enjoying them and
stay tuned for 2020 and beyond because
there's a lot of amazing games to talk
about. All right, if you enjoy this
video, let's discuss these games in the
comments. Like, subscribe, share with
your friends, ring the bell for
notifications on future videos. All the
videos in the series are going to be
linked in the description below. So,
let's end this video and thank you for
watching. Have a good one. Bye.