[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Hello. Hello. Happy Nintendo Direct Day.
Very special Nintendo Direct. Nintendo
Switch to Nintendo Direct. My favorite
flavor. How's everyone doing? Doing
good. Good. It's lunchtime here in the
UK. Yep. Mike's had three bites of his
sandwich and now we're ready to rock.
But I'm ready. I'm ready to commit to
this Nintendo Direct on three three
bites of sandwich. We've got a physical
like in person he hype meter cuz we're
going to have to sort of basically
average the the hype meter. Um and we'll
we'll um Yeah, we'll let you know what
should we calibrate. Everyone do a cold.
Okay. All right. All right. Where's
cold? Cold only.
Andy, drop the hot. Cold only. Drop it
like it's hot. There's four different
things. Everyone's warm. Warm. Oh, hot,
hot, flaming hot. Flaming hot. Flaming
hot. Flaming hot. Like the monster
Cheetos. Yeah. Um, cool. Uh, that's what
we're going to be doing. What's everyone
looking forward to? I've got a special
paddle for the Wii U 2 when it turns out
the Switch 2 is the Wii U.
You know what? There there has been a
rumor, right, that you will be able to
use your original Switch as a Wii U
style controller on the Wii on the
Switch 2, right? This is Wow. This was a
new story that came out like the last
Yeah. Yeah. So, you know how they did it
with the GameCube where you could plug a
Game Boy Advance in then use it as a
controller. Um, and they've I think
they've done it on another occasion, but
yeah, some people were saying there
might be this thing where you plug in
your old Switch into your new Switch 2
and use it as a Wii U. So, if I have two
Switches and a Nintendo Switch 2, then I
can play two player on my Nintendo
Switch. It's a bit of a humble brag,
isn't it? It's like a probably most of
the people buying a Switch 2 have
already bought a Switch. Like,
statistically, that's probably the case.
It's been phenomenally successful. No.
Um, so what's the name Tomaki? Uh,
what's the name? Tomaki. That's what I'm
excited to hear. Bring it. Yeah. Um, was
it I saw that in the Nintendo Direct
last week and was like, J.
Mario Kart. Mario. It's got to be Mario
Kart, hasn't it? Yeah. Mario Kart 9
finally. Um, Odyssey 2. I'd love to see
Odyssey 2, but see, I'm torn because I
would love an Odyssey 2, but I would
also love a Mario 3D World, too. Oh,
I think it might be my favorite Mario
game of all time. Genuinely, uh, let me
state the case very quickly. Every level
in that game has a sort of novel idea
that would probably sustain an entire
video game all of its own, and it's just
separate levels. So, sorry. So, how much
is this stream going to be like a
hardware stream? Like, I think it's
going to be a decent mix, isn't it?
They'll show off the hardware first and
then and then they'll show off some
games. Do you think there'll be new
Zelda? Is it too soon? Yeah, there might
be a Zelda related thing. There might be
if like, you know, there's
uh remasters and stuff that occasionally
What haven't they yet though?
They did Ocarina of Time. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Wind Waker, right? Wind Waker. And
I think But Wind Waker Wind Waker stands
up so because of the art style, Wind
Waker stands up so well. You don't
recently I don't know. I thought it was
all simple shapes and stuff. Yeah. Also,
standing up well, is that going to stop
anyone making a remake? It's true,
actually. Yeah. Yeah. There's all sorts
of rumors of remake. The chat. Clumsy by
fact says, "Eternal hope to see
something about Hollow Night Silk Song."
Andy mentioned this to me. He's like,
"Yeah, finally Silkong day." Um, we'll
see. We'll see. Last few minutes while
we don't have a Silkong release date,
folks. If it is Silkong, we're going to
end the stream. No, we can't do that.
Why not? We should have another pedal.
Do you have another pedal for Silkong?
Yeah. Put it on the back of your Wii U.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A car Dennison
says, "Excited for the new $400 Ace
Attorney machine."
I think there's going to be a lot of uh
$400 for real. Sounds about right. I
reckon I reckon so. So, yeah, we'll find
out more about the costing and like the
when it's going to come out, the release
date. So, I I feel like there's going to
be a lot of um like so not previous gen,
but like current gen stuff that you
would play on an Xbox like series
console that will be announced for
Switch 2 as a sort of portable version.
You know, in the same way that like
Skyrim was announced with the Switch
One. I think there'll be a few like big
sort of announcements of games that
you've already got at home maybe, but
that are now playable handheld. So,
there's a thing called a Steam Death. I
don't know if you heard of it. Both and
own one. Yeah. Um, yeah. It'd be it'd be
weird for me to just play a load of
Street Fighter 6 on it. Uh, given that I
can already do that on my Steam though.
Yeah. Um, I'm telling you, Wii U, too.
They're going to they're going to mess
it up again. Huge unforced error. You're
saying it's going to be more of a
spiritual Wii U, too. I'm going to say
it's it's going to be like, oh, it's a
washing machine that's also a games
console. The screen of the the screen of
the washing machine is where you play
the games. I think it's going to be a
3DS. Like, it was just like a a DS with
a little bit extra. and that the 3DS was
popular. People didn't really use the 3D
that much, but the actual console
itself. Yeah.
But I was in my 20ies, so I didn't care.
Nintendo not Nintendo's doing a a
preview event right on Friday, a public
preview, I believe. So, yes. Yeah. Yeah.
So, there are some experiences. There's
one in Paris, there's one in New York,
and then next weekend there's uh London,
and I can't remember where else.
somewhere like Berlin, but I feel like
we got a couple of people who are going
to get going to get get hands on with a
Nintendo soon hopefully. We Ellen and I
are going to Paris basically. Um, so we
are Yeah, we should be getting our hands
on on the Switch. I'm draw Nintendo,
you'll say. Yeah.
Yeah. Sah, I don't know. They'll be
like,
the Switch Est. Yeah. Uh, okay. So, is
it time for the Switch? Duh.
Switch. Duh.
Um, it's about six minutes to Nintendo
Direct time. Let's go. Let's go. Let's
go. Yeah. So, Mario Kart. Um, do you
want to finish your sandwich? You got
five minutes. No, I'm not going to
finish my sandwich on camera. No one
needs this to be a mukbang a mukbang.
Cheddar cheese and pickle sandwich. We
don't usually stream at this time of the
day, but it is taking up part of the
screen that we're watching the day. Oh,
no. What if something really important
happens in that tiny little tiny little
square? Oh, and don't worry. When we
start streaming, we're going to be the
small window and Nintendo is going to be
the big window cuz we know we know where
we Yeah. We know what you're here for.
Yeah. But we do also have the the the
old school height meter will will appear
as well. Yeah. Do you want to see it?
Can we see it? There it is. Oh, whoa.
So, there you go. So, I'll be sort of
trying to roughly average what
everyone's feeling about it. We'll take
a vote. And uh but yeah, that's that's
what it's going to look like. Um yeah,
exciting times. Yeah. No, with with
Mario Kart, I I feel like Mario Kart 9
sort of already happened in a way
because did you play any of the Track
Pass stuff and me? Were you too? Uh yes,
I did. Yeah. Yeah. So, they added a
bunch of There was the Mario Kart mobile
game. They added a bunch of tracks from
that, but you could play them with a
proper controller. Um, and it was as
many tracks as were in Mario Kart 8 were
added. So, in a way, really, this is
gonna be like Mario Kart 10 almost. Um,
but yeah, I'm always ready for more
Mario Kart. Dream dream game
announcement then. Go on.
What would be my Well, I think it has to
be Mario, right? Like a fullyfledged
Mario game. Worlds. Mario 3D World 2.
Yeah, please. Okay, Ellen.
Animal Crossing: The New Frontier out
now under your seats. Yeah, start
playing it now. I think so. Like a new
Animal Cross,
but you know, it'll be another like 5
years before one of those. That's why
you've got to put up with Tomodachi
life
until playing Hello Kitty Island
Adventure right now. Yeah. Okay. Best
friends with Komi. What What are people
in the chat excited for? Are there any?
Um Well, I'm going to say new Luigi's
Mansion. Luigi's Mansion. Oh, yeah. That
would be good. That would be good. Been
ages since three. Uh Jerry the Penguin
says Golden Sun remake. Damn. Right. Is
that the one? Was that the one with the
Yeah, with the solar. It might. Yeah, it
might be. Bai Power of the Sun. Oh,
yeah. Yeah. Right. No, Golden. Uh oh,
I'm thinking of Golden Axe. Um I'm
always thinking of Golden Axe. Queen of
Fabulous says Nintendog.
That would have a lot of like nostalgia
value. The resurgence of Tamagotchis.
People must Yes. What if What if it is?
What if there's a Nintendo Dog's reveal?
That'd be incredible. Oh, yeah. I'd love
a rhythm game. Do you remember like
Rhythm Heaven? Rhythm Heaven? Oh, DS.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There is there is
a kind of rhythm game coming out um that
is it was announced last week uh with
the Switch. For the Switch. No. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And uh Oh, god. What? Watch
it. What? Like Elite Beat agents as
well. I would I would be up for more
Elite Beat agents and stuff. I think a
big thing for me though is is the the
backwards compatibility, right? cuz I've
spent an embarrassing amount of money on
the eShop and um I don't want that that
investment to go to waste. Yeah. And it
seems like backwards compatibility like
Nintendo's getting on board with it. Um
and all your old Switch stuff will run
on your Switch 2. So that's really good.
I don't know if it'll get upgrades or
augmentations. That'd be kind of cool.
You know how um Microsoft did some of
that stuff with the Xbox where you'd
play like Red Dead Redemption, the
original one um on your series console
and it goes up to 4K. be interesting to
see yeah what's what hardware wise it's
capable of and whether they are happy to
rather than doing remasters let you play
your Switch the original Switch games in
higher resolution with better graphical
yeah like the kind of you've had the
PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X being
like hey do you want the enhanced
version um or like bringing out a new
version and being like do you want to
only pay a tenner for the slightly
shinier version it it's very it's very
it feels very un Nintendo right like
Nintendo has always extremely protective
over its games. They're big against
piracy obviously. Um and um and I think
they've always sort of tried to maintain
that that older games have as much value
as newer games and it's reflected in the
pricing as well, right? Like the price
of Switch games goes down over time
apart from the Nintendo ones unless you
unless you are lucky with a sale. So um
so yeah, you know, it's it's I think if
it was worth 60 then it was worth£60
now. Yeah. And you know, I mean, to be
fair, in certain cases, like Mario
Odyssey, it probably is, but um but
yeah, it would feel like a very un
Nintendo move to be like giving that
stuff away. But we'll see. You know, the
the the landscape has changed. The their
competitors have changed, but then I I
also feel like Nintendo in general feels
like they're in a in they're not really
competing with anyone else. They do
their own thing. Do you get that feeling
that they're sort of they stand alone in
their sort of approach? What about in
the way they're competing with
themselves in that Switch One has this
enormous install base and you're trying
to convince people to buy the Switch 2
by saying things like, "You'll be able
to play all your old Switch games on
it." And you're like, "I can play all my
old Switch games on my Switch, which I'm
still very happy with." So, it's a
tricky It's a tricky proposition, isn't
it? Because you want to keep those
Switch owners happy and keep selling
them games. Um, but also you want
everyone to buy this magic new device
that we're about to see. Indeed. And I
think the other thing that's really
interesting is that you you've got a a
device that is we think going to be sort
of uh here we go. It's it's starting.
We've got a device that is going to be
mainly a graphical upgrade, right? It
looks very similar as far as we know to
the Switch. So unless they unless it has
another screen that pops out or Yeah,
it's a washing machine. It's got a
washing attachment. But we'll we'll see.
You know, we're going to find out more.
It's only going to be 45 seconds away.
Um oh, I said let's go. I think the
washing like my guy my my uncle works at
Nintendo.
washing machine. Yeah. Um Eevee F says,
"Myoto sent me an email saying to expect
uh Ocarina of Time remake, and I knew it
was legit because he ended the email
with no cap. For real, for real." That's
the new mangle work for Nintendo.
Email me. I feel like we can put the we
can put the height meter up to warm. I
think it's fair to say we're warm.
Warmed up. Yeah. Um someone must have
once had a Nintendo working uncle, you
know, and Yeah. Yeah. No, not a single
uncle who's ever worked on. It's part of
the interview process. They're like,
"Are you an uncle?" I'm terribly sorry.
Here we go. Everybody shut up.
That's so exciting.
Mature. Ooh la la. Nintendo sex games on
the Switch. I can't believe what I'm
seeing. This doesn't seem very mature.
Switch is a liquid cube. This is kid
stuff. Nintendo. Yes. Where's the sex
games?
What's being constructed? A switch.
There's a Nintendo logo or you know it's
a it's a Mario. It's all in Nintendo
Red. Oh, it is Nintendo. Yeah.
All right. I'm hot for Nintendo as a
concept. Yeah. Yeah. You're hot for
Nintendo Direct. Nintendo Direct.
Switch. Switch. Will we see a Super
Horno Brothers sequel announced? Andy.
Andy. All right. Here we go. All right.
Is Mario
Kart Are we hot for this? We are hot for
this. Blaming hot. All right. Okay. Hot
Cheetos. like a like a Cheeto. Look at
Yoshi's burger restaurant. That's so
cute.
There he is. One up here. Now that's
mature.
Look at the grid size. There's so many
more players. It goes up to like there's
at least 16. That one. I think there was
16. It's beautiful. Oh, Luigi's got a
little rally car. Like a little Italian
rally car. That's amazing. Motocross
bike.
Damn. Beautiful. Ooh. Jet skis. Oh, jet
snowmobiles.
Jet fighters.
Oh my god. Yes. Wow. They're bike
motorbikes that turn into planes. That's
brilliant. It looks so pretty. Oh, wow.
Oh, quad bike. I love a quad bike. Oh,
this looks great. This does look so
good. Drift. Seems to be a lot of like
multiple roots and stuff on that snowy
level. Did you see that? Like a
different piece. Grinding. They're
grinding. People are saying that they
can't hear the stream. Oh, they can't
hear the stream. All right, we're
hearing the stream is kind of quiet. So,
we're going to turn that up in the mix
so you can hear what's going on. There
will also be uh subtitles, we believe
when they get to talking bits. Mhm. Yes.
B, did you see Burger Trans. Oh my god,
the outfits. Different hats and outfits.
Biker jacket. That's all I need. Look at
her
little boo mask. Oh, waluigi. Okay, so
driver outfits. Yeah,
there's a big It looks like they've
added a lot of sort of like mechanics.
Oh, Mario Kart World. Like a theme park.
Oh, is it Opal? It's like for It's the
Fors of Horizon of Mario Kart. This is
incredible. This is everyone. I'm Koi
Koto. Okay.
Nothing. See if we can make some
subtitles work. I'm the producer for
Nintendo Switch 2. Let's have a look.
I'm Takuhiro Dota, the director for
Nintendo Switch 2. Hey. And I'm Tetsia
Sasaki, the hardware design lead for
Nintendo Switch 2. Cool guys. All three.
What you just silent? Okay. Virtually
silent is what we're hearing.
Now, what do you think this brand new
game will be like? Should be louder now.
We'll be respectfully quiet when the
developers are talking. How about that?
A brand new entry in the Mario Kart
series is launching exclusively on the
Nintendo Switch 2 system. Look, it's
open world. Fast world
cart races are held throughout various
regions that span the globe. It looks so
good. If you want this one, you have to
get a Switch, too. Depending on the time
of day and weather conditions, the
atmosphere fancy boo.
Whoa.
If I want to do this race, can I just
drive off and visit the rest of the
world? Just turn right there. off the
racetrack. They ride virtually
everywhere in this world.
In the classic summit looks amazing in a
big mountain shipyard.
He's got he's got into ship breaking
now. You'll also drive to the next
course as part of the competition. Look
how they're just driving off the circuit
with 24 drivers. Why does F1 do this? I
want to know. They should all just turn
left in the circuit and drive onto the
streets.
Sound is great. Introducing Knockout
Tour.
Race non-stop from one corner. Race.
Never stop racing. Always be racing in
his gardening outfit.
There are multiple checkpoints along the
way.
If you're below the placement shown when
you hit a checkpoint, you'll be
eliminated.
Can you make it all the way to the
finish line? Oh my gosh. Oh, her little
race suit. That's super free roam drink
and drive. Mario freely drive around
cider and apple on it. Yeah, but um in
America cider is an alcohol strong by
going off road. You can explore new
areas. Look off-roading. So drive
wherever your heart takes you.
[Music]
Oh my gosh, that that with van had a
ramp on it and take photos together at
different location. Cute little biker
gang. The princess biker gang. This
looks amazing. This in the castle.
What's in there? Dinosaurs. Dinosaurs.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
Nabbit.
Look at the size of it.
The game on the same day as Nintendo
launched. Launch. More details about
this. Oh, no. More details. Okay. Sorry.
Getting ahead of myself. So, be on the
lookout for more information in the
future. Okay, make a note of it. Flaming
hot. As a flaming
hot launches on the same day as Nintendo
Switch 2, which is we'll share more
details in the future, so we hope you're
looking forward to it. Okay. Yes. Please
look forward to it. Share when it's
coming. Well, they'll tell they'll say
we'd like to introduce some of the new
features of the Nintendo Switch 2.
Oh, that's why. These are the Joy-Con 2
controllers for Switch 2.
And on the right Joycon 2, we've added a
new button. Let's take a look at some
new experiences it offers. Okay. Okay.
What could it do? New experiences.
What could it possibly do? Tell us about
the button. Press it. Is that the new
That's the new little slot in sort of
controller. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, magnetic
uh magnetic slot, but you just go on
each side rather than slotting.
Oh, it's like chat.
Don't like that.
You cold
for no. Does that Are we bringing the
average down? Is that what's happening?
The concept of chat, I guess.
Introducing game chat. Uh, hate to tell
you Nintendo Switch, game chat was
introduced a long time ago. Can you hear
me? Hello. Okay. Hey everyone, that's
quite a lot of your screen to give to
communicate with your friends and family
while playing revelations about your
mother's.
Uh, I mean friend's sure. Okay. Using
the game chat feature cruising around in
Mario built into the system. Neither of
this is mouth. Shoot arrows out of your
mouth. up your speaking voice clearly
even from a distance. Okay, so it's got
like a bit like the connect array
microphone type. Let's make a left when
it's noisy around. Your voice will still
come through clearly, letting you chat
with ease. How did you get hit by a bow?
Okay, nice. It does
look
and letting you easily chat. Heal
healing the chat menu. Oh no, that's
actually
And he's really not happy about it. Oh,
it's a bit laggy. Yeah, I mean it's
being streamed across the internet, but
I was like, "Oh, this could be useful
for us." So when we make videos,
[Laughter]
okay, I got it.
Oh, no.
I guess in an open world game, it would
be kind of interesting to see like where
your friends
are playing different games. share
different games. Literally watch them in
real time. You can look at five screens
instead of one screen. It's the modern
condition, isn't it? I'm fifth screening
my gaming experience. Looks like Andy's
having a real hard time on part.
Pick menu. You can adjust the size of
your game screen. You can adjust. Okay.
So, you can full screen it, of course,
guys. I will pause later. There's a
little slideshow of your friends at the
bottom.
or stand screaming to each other like hi
what's up it's your boy above that wall
that's to your left you're almost there
though it's just like the wall like if
she gets past where I have to do
[Music]
so everyone can watch the random
username for Chris says no mobile app
required shock which is something you
know like Nintendo's reputation for like
online functionality is not the the most
golden.
Oh yo, that's like so getting into a
chat isn't going to be the right Joycon
2 controller. There's an additional
button with the C button. You can pull
up a chat menu.
Oh, dang. Really? Actually, guys, uh I
got a call coming right now. So, uh I'll
be right back. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
Here you can quickly and easily shut
your friends up. Oh, wow. There's a
camera. Okay. Okay. This is very
Microsoft in 2008.
PlayStation I now we're all streamers.
Oh, it's going to like chroma key you
into your own screen. Hi, how's every
That's cute actually. Like if you want
to like just chill out. Yeah, but how
expensive is the camera? That's the
question. It's not going to be 20 quid,
is it? Yeah. How was your yesterday? And
when we're all streamers, no
one camera. Hey everyone, keep doing the
Mario Kart race. I'm just going to take
this call. Janice, if you take the
kids to games which use your camera feed
like this. That's kind of cute. Like the
integration Mario. You can see my
destroyed. Oh yeah.
This would have been really good about
using
even when you're apart. You can play
games and hang out as if you were
together in the same room. Play
together. Why are we still playing
multiplayer games? We don't have a chat.
All right. I'm putting it down to warm
warm. I'm about because I think it's
good that Nintendo players because
Nintendo shied away from because of all
the horrible things people do on the
internet. So, I think they're just going
to be like, you know, it's going to be
with friends rather than with randos and
they understand that there are people
who actually want to be nice to each
other and play video games. The Switch
is primarily a mobile console, right?
Yeah. So, I almost never play my Switch
somewhere where I have an internet
connection. In developing game
changing family and friends, almost as
if you're all playing together in the
same place.
Actually, the camera you saw in the
trailer is the Nintendo Switch 2 camera.
How much does it cost? Which will be
available on the same day as Switch. Are
we talking 4K 60 here? What What's the
deal? A Nintendo Switch online
membership.
However, since we'd like as many people
as possible to experience Game Chat, it
will be available without a membership
for a limited time. We hope you'll try
it out.
Well, you can use the chat without the
camera. Additionally, Game Chat supports
the Nintendo Switch parental controls
app and different settings can be
adjusted. For example, Bowser is worried
about Bowser Jun becoming radicalized.
wants to
we hugged his dad. We'd like to
introduce another new experience you can
share with family and friends. This kind
of artist smoke that he's wearing. On
Nintendo Switch, even if you just have
one game, you can pass a Joy-Con
controller to a friend and play
together. But on Nintendo Switch 2, you
can play together locally on multiple
systems using just one game with Game
Share. That's neat. Pretty cool. Even
games that require multiple screens. I'm
back to war.
With game share, you can temporarily
share games with others who also
Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch system.
That's pretty cool. Share a game with
other systems at a time. Yeah, the game
stuff is game also supports online play
system via game we showed earlier.
Game share can only be used with
compatible games.
including several titles, but also Mario
games 51 worldwide classics on Nintendo
Switch.
Game share support is also planned for
select games exclusive to Nintendo
Switch 2. So, we hope you'll look
forward to it. But are you going to be
able to with us with an original Switch
to GameS?
We'd like to show you the Nintendo
Switch 2 system itself.
Please take a look. Whoa. In unison.
Same bigger screens, same thickness. At
7.9 in Switch 2 has a bigger built-in
screen. Here's how that compares to
Nintendo Switch. Wow. The system's
thickness remains the same.
High definition. So 1080p, right? With
approximately double the pixels compared
to Switch, you can enjoy games detail on
the 1080p screen. Oh no, 1080p. Sorry,
mobile. Yeah, makes sense. Forgot the
original Switch screen was 720.
H 120. Okay. How many supports up to Oh
my god. Is Mario% is Mario Kart going to
be run at 120? That'd be incredible. No,
not a chance. Only available in Mike
Sandwich in the way games.
The LCD screen only available in and
supports HDR providing HDR. There were
there were a lot of rumors about this
HDR 120 fps thing earlier in the week.
Joycon 2 controllers connect
magnetically. They just snap in. Strong
magnets keep the controllers firmly
attached to where you controller easily
by pressing the release button on the
back. I see. Okay. Oh, good. Does that
mean you can pop them on your fridge?
SLR buttons are bigger. Oh, that's good
cuz those things are useless unless you
have the little playing with a Joycon 2
held horizontally.
Great. larger control sticks, but any
stick drift, the left and right sticks.
Now, they're not going to mention stick
drift, are they in this mouse? What
each Joycon 2 controller? Yes. Yes.
There were a lot of people being like
cuz on the um original trailer, they
showed them like sliding along face and
everyone was like, "Oh my god, there's a
little thing here." By adjusting the
audio balance between the ranges, sounds
from the built-in speakers are clearer
and more natural in handheld and
tabletop modes.
It has a built-in microphone so you can
voice chat with via game and he doesn't
want to be heard. It also uses noise
cancelling technology to filter sounds
so your voice will come through clearly.
3D audio through headphones presumably.
Even if you don't have a surround sound
system or games can be enjoyed with more
immersive threedimensional sound as if
it were coming from all around you.
I can't wait to be right in the Mario
Kart world. That's pretty stellar. Like
that.
Oh, it's all 3D.
3D adjustable viewing angle. Place your
Nintendo Switch 2 however you want.
Yeah. As opposed to the one that they
decided for Nintendo Switch.
You can move it freely. It goes all the
way down, which is really good. Two USBC
ports. Yes, it's all just to the USBC
port found on the bottom of the system.
There's one on top as well.
Okay. Well, it just means you can charge
it and plug in the camera. For
connecting a USBC camera, don't stop
streaming even for a second. Charging in
tabletop mode.
Oh, you can char Yeah, charger. Yeah,
cuz it was like if you had it down like
you Nintendo Switch
26 GB of internal storage, eight times
that of Nintendo Switch for storing your
game downloads, save data, and Yeah, but
everyone bangs in an SD card like a
terab also faster.
No, you don't have to. Oh, 4K support.
Use the Nintendo Switch 2 doc to connect
to your TV and enable up to 4K
resolution for compatible. I like the
fact that you could just HDR open and
unplug stuff like you are going to have
to like slide stuff.
But yeah, 4K. It had to be 4K, didn't
it? Is it? Well, the the OLED version of
the Switch is sort of a more similar.
The Nintendo Switch 2 DOS has a built-in
fan that keeps your system cool.
That's probably like necessary for the
4K, right? Like you need extra cooling.
Yeah.
How we feeling?
Yes,
as well as compatible Nintendo Switch
games and digital games are supported.
It's got magnets. Flip flip. Now, will
it fly like that?
Advertising class action lawsuit effects
were added. Andy,
as you just saw, Nintendo Switch 2 isn't
simply an improved Nintendo Switch.
We redesigned the system from the ground
up and packed in lots of new gameplay. I
mean, exactly from the ground up to help
players better
understand that thing where everything's
trying to become a crab. Yeah, the
Mr. Switch.
My current location is actually inside
the game itself.
This is Nintendo Switch. Welcome.
Whatever is happening. Exclusive to
Nintendo Switch.
It's got miniaturization technology, so
you can go inside. I'm standing over
here. So, this is like a virtual chat.
Okay, everyone, join me inside the game.
This is so weird. It's like Second Life,
but you're in a giant. There are a lot
of question mark icons here. Let's
examine them. Where are the Where are
the sign reads, Where are the magnets?
How do they They've made the tutorial
into the game. And those magnets are
inside the system. I see you're being
quizzed. So you can't put them on your
fridge. Are we back down to wall? Joy
too are made of metal. You're telling me
I can't stick them. So that's how they
attach to the system.
This is a magnetic circuit is formed
between them. So they won't work by
having two magnets. They're just
explaining magnets to us. Yeah. Why are
they demonstrating their patents on
If you want to make your own This is how
you do it. Nintendo Switch 2. Another
example, the Joy-Con 2 controllers have
mouse controls. And when combined with
the gyroscopes, you can even do
something like this.
You can adjust the position of the golf
club and aim for the cup by rotating the
Joy-Con, too. Can't wait to be even
worse at Mario Golf. By combining
gyroscopes, things like this are
possible. Things like this. There are
secrets to discover. Can you even
imagine as you're playing mini games and
technology? America physics demo. Some
of the secrets range from unique
features of the system to tiny details
of the Mario games. Okay. Get to your
nearest table. Nintendo Switch 2 Welcome
Tour will launch as a paid digital game
on the same day as a paid digital game.
Oh boo out of your mind.
Astrobot was Astro's Playroom was free
with the PS5 free and then you charge
for the Nintendo Switch titles.
It's the same shape as Nintendo Switch
game cards. Does it still taste great?
It's now red and it has much
faster cartridges. Next up is additional
storage.
Switch 2 will only work with micro SD
Express cards. Express.
Okay. SD card and will make high speed
data transfers possible. This time they
they dissolve on your tongue. Please
note the regular micro SD cards used for
Nintendo Switch will not be compatible.
Additionally, to transfer data from
Switch to Switch 2, you can log into
your Nintendo account to use the system
transfer feature. This is going to be
such a pain. You can transfer island and
it's such a pain. That's the only thing
Nintendo I need you to pro controller.
Are we back up to warm for pro
controllers? I mean let's see shall
we chat button on it. One thing that
producer John wanted to know was whether
to assign existing buttons pros with the
new one and I'm not sure. In addition an
audio jack has been added. We've
introduced a few new features and after
today's presentation the official
Nintendo Switch 2 website will go live.
There will also be an ask the developer
article on the website where the three
of us will talk about the development of
Nintendo Switch. We hope you
and now the Nintendo Switch 2 launch
day.
Nintendo Switch 2 launches
soon. I'm very much looking forward to a
day when you all get to experience hot.
Is that in time for the flight to fest?
I think it's just two months. You can
buy it in America.
On Nintendo Switch 2, you can play three
types of games. Huh. The first type is
Nintendo Switch towards compatibility.
These games performance. Second type is
open world driving games. Third type is
adult games. All right. Here you go.
Backwards. Compatible games. Only
compatible ones though, not everything.
Oh, okay. So, it will probably be what
they mean two edition games are the
third type. Is this the enhanced
edition? Some games that were released
on Switch will receive upgraded versions
that offer things like improved visuals,
unique ways to play on Switch 2, and
more.
Now, I'd like to show you the Nintendo
Switch 2 edition of Super Mario Party
Jamberee. It will definitely cost money.
Please take a look. Money, please.
They've added whatever Jamberee TV is,
they they've added it. More like a money
jamboree for Super Mario Party Jamberee.
This is like that place in LA you can go
to watch football like you're at the
stadium
because this is like a an advanced
expansion control party jamboree I think
new games I think the switch compatible
games will be mainly just like first
party titles because they can't
guarantee
all gameplay that uses it's got to be
more than just first party there's not
enough first party all of which can be
accessed on switch too great moves let's
check out three New and updated modes.
It look like Toad was saying that. First
up is Mario Party mode. With a single
camera, up to four players can join the
festivities. You'll be able to see each
other's faces as you play. Oh, so you
have the single camera pointed at all of
your signals open. It will cut you out.
That's fun. Four friends can take the
party online.
We just have to buy four different
Nintendo Switches.
No, you only need one camera. That's the
thing. You just have a single camera and
it cuts you out. Team wins. Okay, that
is alive. It's about time.
Oh no, it's
connect with your voice. Now, what is
this? You got to yell to move it.
Using full body movement and sound. It's
the connect all over again.
How are we feeling? Are we are we back
down to war?
I think Nintendo are better at things
that like it's literally just a camera
with a bit of
AI up the coaster. It's good. It's It's
an accessible way of doing something
silly that looks fun. Able to do
captions on their socials and stuff like
that.
Astro controller. No, that's that's
Mario.
Yeah. Also, I'm pretty sure Nintendo can
claim to have done Astrobot before
Astrobot, you know. Yeah, I know.
Astrobot is specifically the robot with
arms that you use to climb a wall from
mini games that use a camera, the
built-in microphone
[Laughter]
and rumble. The biggest party yet is
getting even bigger. Super Mario Party
Jamberee Nintendo Switch 2 Edition plus
Jamberee TV launches on Nintendo Switch
2 July 24th.
Nintendo
Switch upgrade
pack can upgrade to Nintendo Switch 2
edition plus Jamberee TV by purchasing
an upgrade pack. Forget the camera. So
that's party experience where you can
see each other's reaction.
Let's continue presenting some more
Nintendo Switch 2 edition games. Let's
continue presenting. All right, Zelda
Switch 2 Editions. Sure. What does it
add? Nintendo Switch editions of The
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and
The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the
Kingdom
feature enhanced resolution. Breath of
the Wild is their like is their Skyrim.
It's been released on three generations
now, which makes the image more vibrant.
Got HDR,
so they're doing both. It just said,
yeah, Breath of the Wild. Sorry, miss
that. I was just blown away by good
hair. You can get even more out of your
adventures in
Hyrule. the HDR colors.
This new feature can be accessed via the
Nintendo Switch app. You think it's like
the Dark Souls messages like jump? It's
a game specific service that's exclusive
to the Switch edition of these titles.
Like Link has on his phone. Oh, so you
can put things on your looks at while
he's on his motorway. Corox you haven't
found yet. Guidance activated. Okay, so
it's a companion app that you can have
the game proceed north. It's just going
to GPS you to Oh my god, that's great.
But that is useful cuz then but you can
do it in the game. You don't need to
have an app for that. You can second
screen it on your phone. Send another
player to create in their game.
Sometimes I don't want to have to keep
pausing and double checking the map. I
can just like look at the world.
Anything in a game that means that I
don't have to look at a map all the
time. It's great. This is all so
complicated for like a accessible Zelda
RPG. Do you think? Yeah. Like second
screen apps and I don't know. Maybe.
Yeah, but that's because think of like
all the like the websites that offer,
hey, here's a game map with everything
on it and you can take it off as you go.
They're
just the minority I think in that I
thought that Tears of the Kingdom was
too complicated. Generally, this is
Yeah, this is a sort of vibe I was
breath of after being struck by a
powerful meteor that's causing these
changes. Kirby. Oh, yes. We hope you're
looking forward to Kirby's new
adventure. Have you guys seen Kirby eat
the car? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Barely
fits over the top of it. Metroid Prime 4
Beyond will have both a Nintendo Switch
and a Nintendo Switch 2 edition. Yeah,
we can go. Do you want to go up to Fiery
Hot for? Yeah, Hot for Prime. Let's see.
For Prime. Yeah, it looks pretty good.
One Metroid. In addition to standard
controls, you can use mouse controls for
intuitive gameplay on Switch 2. I'm not
playing it with a mouse. I'm not playing
Metroid with a mouse. You can explore
the immersive world in 4K at 60 players
out there who enjoy smoother action in
full HD at 120 frames per second. Choose
from these two modes, both of which
support in Master Chief that he can't
crumple up into a little ball. Hey, the
new Pokemon Legends ZA, which is
scheduled to launch later this year,
will not only receive a Nintendo Switch
version. This looks really cute. You
kind of run around a city and it's
different at night. And by taking
advantage of a lot of fun, you can enjoy
your adventure in Lumio City with
enhanced resolution and frame rates.
All right. The Nintendo Switch 2 Edition
games you just saw will be available as
both physical and digital versions.
Okay. Good. Good. Presumably. And if you
already own the Nintendo Switch version
of a game, you can play the Nintendo
Switch 2 Edition by purchasing an
upgrade. Tell me how much. We hope
you're looking forward to these Nintendo
Switch 2 edition. What's an acceptable
amount for an upgrade pack? 20 maybe.
Next, I'd like to introduce a brand new
game. I'm saying,
please take a look. I will take a look.
Oh, that's a rhythm heaven sound. Yes,
that's what you asked for, Andy. Rhythm
paradise. Yes. Rhythm. Rhythm paradise
grooves coming out 2026. Oh, good.
Nice. From downtown.
I think our live stream has gone
slightly out of sync there. Really? on
there. On there, the Xbox One is
slightly out of sync.
Yes. Murder ball. This is great. Yeah.
This is honestly one of the coolest
sports to watch at the Parolympics. It's
so good. They go so hard. Robot
basketball. I don't know. Is it just
wheelchair basketball? It's great.
I don't Are they I don't They are
robots, aren't they? No. No. I think
they're people. They're people. Okay.
All right. I thought they were like
little cars.
No, no, it's cool.
It's so good. Rocket League vibes. Yeah.
It looks like you have to propel
yourself around though by going like
this on the whole time. Yeah. All the
time. Mhm.
Oh, you can high five. That's
fun. What an intercept.
Dunk.
Summer 2025. Okay, I'm this one. Yeah,
I'm like warm for that. But warm. I
think I'm drag and drag. It looks okay.
It's like Rocket League intuitively pull
off various wheel basketball. We hope
you're looking forward to a new twist on
threeon-ree matches using dual mouse
controls. I don't know. Like visually a
little plane. Yeah, some games from our
publishing and development coming to
Nintendo Switch 2.
long observed the lands between. Back to
hot. Yes. Even though I can play on my
Steam Deck. Even though you can play it
on your Steam. I finished it.
Hell yeah, you did. But maybe it'll have
Elder Ring TV mode where Bowser comes
and does some stuff. Grace, this is what
I was saying about like a big sort of
like current gen
uh you know game that that people want
to play. Good hat. This is the Skyrim of
this. Yes. Exactly. Exactly. It's all
the Skyrim thing. burn down. I thought
Zelda was the sky.
Skyrim. Everything's the sky.
May you take the imagine if it runs at
4K 2025 this year. Oh, great. Tarnished
edition. It's been ruined.
Hey, I'm Greg Cassavin from Super Giant
Games. Okay. Here to say that Hades
Nintendo Switch, this is how I played
Hades. First ever sequel is Princess of
the Dead. An immortal witch sinister
titan of it
already to the ends of the earth. Are we
feeling fire hot or are we feeling
regular hot?
There might be some special enhanced
edition. You can quickly pick up and
play whether you're experienced. It's
got Nintendo Switch 2 camera support.
Put my face on Hades later this year.
His name is Zagris Street Fire. No. I'm
going to put my face in Hades.
Street Fighter 6. There you go. It was
rumored. Great.
That's fun. Local wireless player.
That's good.
Oh, so like game
showbo. Give me that Kimberly amiibo.
Launch title is on initiating arsenal.
Time you can be playing that weapon
safety mechanism. Or I can play now with
Steam Deck.
This is going to be a problem.
Normal. Commencing launch.
Wow. After two long wars where our
freedom was mech time, we will finally
be liberated from humanness. How are
people feeling about mechs? I'm in need
of a new arsenal, new equipment, and
money. I mean it depends on the I mean I
enjoyed um rebels.
Yeah. Are we are we hot? Are we warm?
I'm personally warmly warm. The average
may be dragged up by
Andy lust for me. The trinitas has
almost completed a weapon that was
created to destroy all humanity. Whether
the BS
I won't just stop you. I'll tear you
apart. I'll tear you a poor
Bring hope to our
next Titanic. Titanic. Oh, that come on.
What a great collection
of super. Oh, this would be great on a
Switch, too, actually. This be really
good. This is perfect for that. Hand
your friend a controller. You play as
Mio, who writes sci-fi, and Zoe, who
writes fantasy. Together, they get
trapped in their own stories. It's up to
you and a friend. Yeah, we had a really
good time playing it. Ah, let me tell
you this. If you like It Takes Two,
you're going to love this one. Trust me.
And of course, you'll be able to play
Split Fiction on the day Switch to Lost.
Oh no. Oh no. Oh, what did you do to it?
EA Sports. We're bringing fans together
across the world, both on the pitch and
on the grid. We're excited to announce
the EA Sports will be coming to Nintendo
Switch 2. Madden NFL will also be
arriving on the Nintendo platform. EA
Sports. Is there a loose connection? Hi,
I'm Alan 2 from Avalanche Software.
Hogwarts Legacy. Hogwarts Legacy to
Nintendo Switch 2.
Let's put it down to you'll be immersed
in the wizarding world like never
before.
And the new mouse controls on Switch
give you even more ways to experience
the adventure. Oh, is the extension
plugged in? Well, it must have been at
some point. Discover the enhanced magic
when Hogwarts Legacy launches on the
same day as Switch 2. I I can't see from
here. Oh, okay. Live tech thing. Ty.
Yes. Hot, hot, hot. Fire.
Fair.
And he's as he's got as many hot paddles
as possible. Paddles. There you go. You
can have this one as well. Yes.
I didn't play much of four, but I played
a lot of three. Played loads of four,
loads of three. Love those two games.
And you know, Tony Hawk has been in he's
been selecting new tracks. Yeah. Yeah.
Amazing. The first remake was so good.
Ah, Spongebob Spongebob level. Good. Oh,
I was already on the final one.
Spongebob DLC.
Hello, this is Christian from
You see, Andy and I were talking earlier
about the James Bond game. For a split
second there, I was like, is it time? Is
it time for the James?
You know, you can play Hitman on the
Switch one. You just have to live stream
it off the internet.
Yeah, you definitely can play.
[Music]
Place that banana. Our expanding game
will release on the same day as Switch
2. I think James has gone. Plus, we're
excited to bring another familiar. Our
producer has let himself Oh, there we
go. We're let himself out of the studio
and then got locked. James, technical
issues. Tech, tech, tech.
Amazing. Wait, wait, wait. Is this Wait,
wait. J's gonna die. James.
Oh my god. Oh my god. J. Yes. IO. James,
let's go. Everyone shut up.
Yes. I nearly died. IO. No, you can't
just do another teaser.
Nintendo stage two. That's nothing. I
That's nothing.
The story of light and shadow that never
fades shadow and I was like I'm I'm
going straight to cold if it okay go for
cute little anime RPG very cute but I
don't I don't know and don't recognize
oh bravely
default change and customize jobs to
build out your very own party.
Enjoy your adventure with upgraded
features and enhancements. Can't believe
James nearly killed me. with unique ways
to climb.
Square Annex presents the classic
fantasy RPG. Bravely Default Flying
Fairy HD
remaster as a warrior of lighty. Yeah,
I'm just trying to follow these.
Andy, get back in here now. What? What?
On your zero is one of the best ones.
Director's cut. What could they have
cut? The game was like 100 hours long.
New cut. Newly added cut scenes. Andy,
newly added cut scenes. Andy, that's the
best. Same day as Nintendo Switch
against Cuz day one.
They both That's that knife pervert that
you fight. We'll have more games to show
from our publishing and development
partners, but for now, we'd like to show
a game being developed in collaboration
with Nintendo.
Collaboration. Is it um rabbits? Oh, I I
hope not. Techmo, is it another one of
those like Zelda Hyrule Warriors or
whatever? Or is it a Zelda?
Is it Hyrule Warriors Warriors who
descended from the heavens? Sorry,
James. Wave to everyone watching at
home. Cameraman James.
Very rare appearance.
It's fine. You can lean on me.
Out of the way. A terrible evil arose. A
terribly evil arrest. Okay. Okay. I'm
hot. I'm hot. And then depending on what
direction this goes. Okay. That's one of
the tiers of the kingdom. Great. One
which future generations would call.
Okay. I'm hot. I'm hot. And then
and that's where in the I'm going to
become a I will warrior. It's going to
be a stupid dynasty warrior thing. You
truly have. It looks a lot more like a
regular Zelda thing. Yeah, it does
actually.
Have they like outsourced Zelda? Hyrule
Castle. the story. Oh, it's a pre
prequel. Okay. Wait, isn't that really
is the past?
No, it's warrior stuff. That's so cool.
Hyro
Warrior, James. Thank you, James. Hyrule
Warriors is very good. Is very good. How
are we feeling about it, though? Are we
Are we warm? Are we hot? It's currently
on hot, but is that too much? Look, I if
you're a Dynasty Warriors fan Yeah. But
like kind of stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
But there there's been some like
interesting entries in Dynasty Warriors
uh too. Like in like the the series
recently. Age of imprisonment. The
Hierrule Warriors ones have.
It's called Age of Imprisonment because
you'd have to imprison me to play it. Oh
wow. Harsh words.
I should have immediately from Techmo.
That was Hyrule Warriors Age of
Imprisonment. It's being developed by
COA Techmo games with support from
Nintendo.
Nintendo promising to answer them,
which took place in Hyrule long ago.
And now some news about Nintendo Switch
Online.
Okay, you can continue to enjoy Nintendo
Switch Online on Switch
2. And with Nintendo Switch Online Plus
expansion pack,
you can enjoy a new membership benefit
exclusively on
Switch. Take a look at this. I can light
you, Andy. Hang on. There we go.
GameCube games on the Switch 2. Hot.
Does this make Nintendo Switch Online
Plus expansion pack will be getting a
new classic game library exclusive to
Nintendo Gamecube games. Nintendo
Gamecube originally released in 2001.
Here are the titles that will be Super
Mario Sunshine. I told you looks like a
cartoon come to life through cell. Look
how it looks. Controlling the wind using
a mysterious baton. Link set sail on an
adventure across the great sea. The
Legend of Zelda, the Wind Waker. Hey,
Soulcalibur. It's the It's the Gamecube
version with Lincoln.
In this 3D weapons fighting game, each
fighter comes equipped with a different
weapon. And Link from the Legend of
Zelda series.
He's in the Xbox version.
Experience a world of white knuckle
racing at speeds over here. He would
have detonated machines on the line in
deathdeying races. They're there.
featuring the series first customization
and story mode. Get ready to experience
F0 GX. Yeah, nice. In games that support
multiplayer up to 4. We have the Star
Wars Rogue Squadron game or online.
That' be good. Can you guess if they can
agree with you? Enjoy these classic
games with clearer image quality and
higher resolution than the original
releases. There you go. High res. You
can also check the controls for each
title and customize them to your liking.
Yeah, cuz the GameCube controller was
weird.
Yes. More titles will be added. We got
Sunshine Mario Strikers.
Mansion. The original. Yes, I'll be
getting that. Nintendo GameCube.
Nintendo Classics. The Switch 2
exclusive game library coming to
Nintendo Switch Online Plus expansion
pack.
Same day as the hardware's release.
They're going hard on the backwards
compatibility. Yeah. And a dedicated
cool game controller original controller
will also be
released. You just said it was weird.
The Nintendo game should not have the C
exclusive. Always be asking where US and
Canada will also be available today as
Nintendo Switch. You have to get it
delivered to your hotel. Whether you're
familiar with the games or haven't
played them before or if you're a young
person, we hope you're looking for
Nintendo Gamecube.
Of course, you can
contest from the system. Yeah, these are
these are all already these already
exist, don't they? Yeah.
Genesis development partners. All right.
What's this? What's this?
Who's this? It's a Nintendo. It's It's
under It's It's an Undertale. Yeah, it's
the annoying dog. It's all the Delta
Runes. Man, I'm behind on Delta Rune. I
didn't know they're up to four chapters.
Well, I think they're saying these are
the new ones. Are we hot for Yeah,
Delta's great. Fire. Hot or fire? Well,
let's see. Okay, leave us go. Leave us
some builds face to hot. And then we can
be like, "Oh my god." Yeah. So, we know
about Runes battle music is one of the
best bits of games music for the last 5
years. Yes. Just Toby Fox is very good
at music. So they're doing an Undertale
orchestra concert. I just saw it.
Spider Dance is like my favorite piece
of gay music of all time, I think. Even
though I'm arachnophobic.
Yes, Lord Day. Great. All of it. Great.
Great.
Famous. Famous magician Randy. Long time
no see. He's looking more and more like
a magician every time. Borderlands is
back. Loot and shoot. How are we feeling
about Borderlands? I feel like I'm down
to warm now. Still in development. Hey
gang, Borderlands property has never
been hotter after the hit movie.
We'll be sharing a lot of the games.
It's not this game's fault that the
movie.
Hi, I'm Dennis from Access Games
releasing an Nintendo Switch 2 edition
by Sidmer's Civilization 7. Switch is a
great place to play Civilization Empire.
Guide your people throughout the even
better if you're actually good at the
game, which I control. And you can use a
mouse more
in that sense. Civ 7 launches on the
same day as Switch 2. Nice. Good job. If
you already own the Nintendo Switch
version, you can experience mouse
controls on Switch. I think they want
everyone. Forget your Steam Deck,
though. And we have even more news from
2K. Okay.
Hi, I'm sports.
Our final announcement for
today coming to Nintendo Switch NBA as
well. We can't wait to see you in the
ring and on the court. Okay, nice. Okay,
logo confirmed. Well, you couldn't get
Roman Reigns by this old tattered man.
Off they went, armed with nothing but
youthful enthusiasm and a profound lack
of preparation. That sounds extremely
dangerous. Terrible at steering around.
Where are their parents? Poor kids. Poor
kids.
Poor kids. What's going on with the
streams? It went out of sync a little
while ago. Okay, I'm going to restart it
while this kids game is on.
I don't know. Maybe it's on Nintendo.
Maybe Nintendo. Yeah, this is on you,
Nintendo. I think set. Yeah, it looks
like it. Uhoh. Surely not.
Surely they're just playing a video
back. Why would you? I'm Dave Crux from
Yeah, Nintendo's stream has frozen. Not
Not our fault this time. Thank you. Not
our fault. Well, I can eat my sandwich
now while I blame Nintendo for the
broken light. Yeah, I
think reloaded in a new
arty f in chat for the Nintendo stream.
working on the game. We got
two 700 people watching. Hello everyone.
Yeah, we but we got the best people. If
you're enjoying yourselves, uh why don't
give us a thumbs up? Uh cuz we obviously
need to get a new light or something.
Yeah, we need all the help. Not our
fault. Yeah. Uh great.
This sounds I mean this sounds amazing.
Oh, there again. Did they rewind? Yeah,
they rewind.
Nintendo has rewound. Now, how fussy do
you think the mouse surface is going to
be? Like, you're going to need a mouse.
Is it going to be Is it You going to be
able to do it on your thigh? Can I do
this on my jean thigh, Nintendo? Why are
the sounds of a pig?
I Right. Okay, Nintendo. I'm feeling
like
empathy. Uh, someone's getting fired.
Embarrassment. Yeah, I was going to buy
a Switch, too, and now I want. No, I'm
not going to because of this. I mean,
and I would urge all my followers to do.
My name is Adam Badovski from Cedric
Thread. We are delighted to bring the
immersive world of the dark future to
Nintendo players for the first time.
Cyberpunk 2077 is an open world action
adventure RPG set in thanks to Nintendo
Switch 2. You can transport yourself to
the city of dreams at home or on the go.
Get ready to meet audio after I think
we're getting audio from later audio.
The audio is the audio is spoilers at
the moment edition. The audio is like
Zelda game. What? Like you say, how are
they not just playing a video? I mean,
they are, but whoever's their PC is
streaming their video on stream and it's
like, you know what? I'm so relieved.
[Laughter]
Oh, just a render error. I didn't check
the
render stream. All right. Okay. We're
going to we're going to switch UK
stream. Nintendo UK. Nintendo UK. To the
right. To the right. There. No, that's
the that's an old one. That's an old
one. That's an old one. Go. Like you
want to go to I've got I'm going to get
Nintendo UK. Yeah, it was one of the
Okay, directing.
Y
perfect. Oh my god. Perfect timing. Time
for silk song. Whoa.
That's my sandwich.
Okay. So, did we miss much of song? No,
it's missed it all. It's part of It's
just a little montage. It's a monster.
This one looks really cute. Jane, I
think you should play Witch Brook. It
looks really cute. Comes out next year
or end of this year. I think it is.
I think it's winter this year. That
Yeah, Witchbrook is winter. Marvel
Cosmic
Invaders Revenge. It looks so good. So,
was that cool? I would play it. I would
play it mobile. Yeah.
Is everyone in the chat
losing the whole stream?
No ambition.
famous back. Fast Fusion, not F-Zero.
Sadly,
no ambition was an NES game. I can't
believe they're still making those.
This one looked really cute. It was like
a detective, but he summons demons. What
kind of title can that make? D. Oh,
Reanimal. They're the That's the people
who made Oh, look. That's horrible. No.
Uh, Little Nightmares. I was going to
say it looks very Little Nightmares 3 is
being made by a new studio and they're
making that. Oh, okay. Go for Tracer.
That's cool. Sorry for deafening people
at my silk song. Is that a new Professor
game? I I lost track. The new world of
steam. Is that new? Tamagotchi. I'm not
sure. Yes. Is that what Tamagotchi
actually looks like? Is that all we're
going to get of Tam of uh Human Fall 2?
I love that. We'll definitely stream
that. Yeah. Where's Silk Song in this
child montage? Oh, it's gone. Oh, that's
gone.
Well, I wonder if we've seen a lot of
games so far, some of which you saw.
All right, here we go.
Come on. Something big. Please enjoy.
Please to be enjoying.
Is it Silent Hill or something? No.
Deadly on Kennedy. No, it's old timey.
Look at his his old timey
clothes. Oh, where's that hand coming
from?
Is this one?
What's in here? This This sort of li
My blood got that visual style. Yeah.
I give
you my
life. Okay.
Turn a wheel like Castlevania and
transport him
to a night of moonlight
to humanity's very butthole in his hand.
Hey, now see a doctor. Isn't that a
stigmata or something? All right, fine.
That looks like a like a ship's wheel.
How many protagonists with like
interesting like hand tattoos like
dishonored? Try getting a job in a bank.
Is it bloodbor too? I was going to say
Bloodborne is a joke, but Oh my god,
it's too sorry. I shouldn't scream too
close to the microphone. I'm definitely
right here now. So sorry. This is This
is unbelievable. Unless it's called
something else. You know how like Demon
Souls and Dark Souls Yeah, it's called
uh Blood Souls. What? Blood Souls. The
new This is crazy. Yes. This looks like
my jam.
Oh, it's gonna be so good. Tom Hiddston
in a leather cat suit with a katana.
Yes, please. Oh, they made you a dream
diary.
What in heck? Oh my god. Onion. Oh,
good. Weird little guys. I love it.
Could it be? What? Could it be Dark
Souls? He's going to be like an onion
knight guy. Yeah, but that building
looks very
Victorious is more Bloodborne. Ah, it's
got Majora's Mask Automative. What
doesn't it have? What is it?
It's got Elder Ring open worldy though,
isn't it? Oh, is that vampire? Vampire.
He is a vampire.
What? It looked like a wheel on his
hand. And she said something about
wheels. So, I'm going to say something
about wheels in the blood or something.
Wheel of blood.
Oh, there's Tom Littleston in the cafe.
I'm living for that. It's great. Is that
like your companion character?
I I pray that you are able. Carrier of
blood. Carrier of blood. I mean,
Bloodborne Blood is It feels like
Bloodborne 2, doesn't it? Like, but but
that belongs to Sony. Yeah, it it can't
literally be that, but it's like a new
What is it? What? What? Again, I hear
Luke screaming. Yeah, they made this
just for Luke. I think she's got an
Arab.
Yes, I kind of shak face.
Tears will flow from
one and one alone. How long do we have
to wait for this? I really the dust.
Yes, please. Dust from software is like
Sony, if you're not going to make
Bloodborne 2, we're going to make it for
you.
Is that a big rat? That's a big winged.
Big rat crow. Big winged rat with an
earring.
And this is what we're going to leave
you with. Is it? Is that going to be
your mount? 2026. Can't come soon
enough. Oh my god. If there was an
animation for the hype meter exploding,
that would have been it. Dusk blood. I'd
love to do a voice because you just get
to do the weird delivery of everything
and then laugh at the end.
If we'd been on the UK stream, we' had
subtitles the whole time. UK. Oh, sorry.
That's Nintendo again. Nintendo of
America's
Lookout.
Excited. No Mario game. No. Unless it
was played during
the Great Freeze. Oh, deep
bow. Oh,
Mario looking forward to it. Can't
revisit
sandwiches. Next, please take a look at
this. One more thing. One more thing.
Okay. Go down to hot so that I can go
back up again. Yeah. Oh, come on, Mario.
Oh. Oh, it's not Galaxy 3, is it? Or
something. It's got a star. Yes.
Super Horno Brothers 3. And he
Oh, it's Kirby.
Kirby. We thought Or is it New Smash
Bros. Smash?
No way. Cuz he is the one that survives
in Ultimate. Yeah, he's he's the only
one. He's the only survivor. Everyone
else is inside him. The main character
of Smash.
No way.
Smash. Smash. Kirby.
Wait, is that What is happening? A
little jetpack. A little
star-based jetpacky.
It's a Kirby game. They already have a
Kirby game. You've already had a Kirby
game. PE. Surely people don't enjoy
Kirby that much. It's another racing
game. Is it just another Mario Kart? Oh,
no. You like Kirby's? You know, Andy,
the two types of games you can play on
racing. Kirby air riders. Okay. Okay.
Okay. All right. Warm. Okay. You got
Mario Kart. Why do you need that? Yeah.
Wait.
Oh, Sakarai. You know, from Smash. Yeah,
it's the Smash guy. Okay. Nice. Yeah.
Just make you smash Sakarai
over 20 years ago.
Sakurai just make Smash Smash. It's no
Super Horno Kirby.
Last trailer. Here we go.
Got to be Mario. Come on. It's been so
long.
Yes. Yeah. Look at the eyes on that gem.
Look at the eyes on that gem. This is
Odyssey 2. It's got to be Odyssey, isn't
it?
It's a new look. They've all
Everything's got. This is plonic. Better
have a word.
In ingot Isle
Poke. Why is it monkeys? Did Did he eat
Donkey Kong? It's a Donkey Kong. Is it?
Could be. Yeah. Who's it going to be?
Oh, it's got to be DK, hasn't it? Yeah.
Oh, it's Yes. His coconut gun can fire
in spurts.
Okay. How are we feeling? The hot super
hot. That's why that's why we're getting
some uh plonic vibes is cuz uh half of
them worked at Rare on 64.
All
right. I mean, yeah, Donkey Kong is like
a big part of the Universal Studios
theme park. He's having his moment,
isn't he? I thought you were going to
say Donkey Kong is like a big Mario.
Yeah, you know, Donkey Kong's like a big
Mario. So, no, I'm saying they're kind
of positioning the IP as a important
one. He'll get his own spin-off movie at
some point. They're destructible when
it's fun. Yeah. Like this is something
the famous tunneling powers of a of a
big monkey. Yes.
Yes. Wait, is that like an underworld
like Tears of the Kingdom? Yep. Or Elden
Ring. Oh my god, he's got the ascend
ability.
Yay. Mine. Yes. Minecarts. Yes. What?
What was that? We're in the casino now.
BK Donkey Kong. This looks fun. It does.
This looks This looks really cute. This
coconut gun can fire in spurts. If it
hits you, it's going to hurt.
Spoilers. Oh no. Oh, look. An angry
angry Donkey Kong. Can't believe they
showed Donkey Kong's death in the
trailer.
That alien Romulus all over.
Oh, the grill on that guy. Yeah,
bananas. I'm going to say fire. I'm in
this. All right. They've given him this
new face, which is more like the cartoon
art from the 80s. Yes, it is. Yeah. Love
it. The look of semnity on this man's
face after he ape game because he knows
Donkey Kong has died.
I'm sorry you all had to see that. And
now a moment for those who've
lost demolish an entire
level so
[Music]
far to recap. Do you want me to do my
sandwich? If you can just lay it on its
side, that would be great.
All
right. I will release Nintendo.
Give it to me. But no cowards. Give me a
price. No, they're putting the price on
the website.
Let's check the website right now.
Tell us the price.
It won't be live right now.
longer for
launch. They want you
to bet there
Nintendo launched last week. Thanks for
watching all the way to the end. Thank
you. You're welcome, Nintendo. No thanks
for messing up your live stream. Okay,
the UK one was fine. We should have been
with the UK one from the beginning
actually had subtitles for the Japanese
fellas. Oh, I feel like I want to go and
look at just a list of all the launches.
It was a busy hour. Everything that
comes out on the 5th of June. 5th of
June, right? Okay. Yeah. Wait. Yeah. I
need that. I need the price. What else?
What else do we need? Anything? Price of
the upgrade packs for pack. I need to
see this from Software thing about
Dusk Bloods. Dusky Bloods and uh some
more James Bond. Yeah, because it nearly
killed you. Because it nearly killed me.
Um yeah, that was a lot. Good good
showing, I feel. Apart from when it when
it froze. I thought that was great. Um
what did the chat reckon? What did the
chat What did we miss, chat? Good. Uh
someone says, "Rewind it to the bit that
glitched so we can watch that." Oh,
yeah. Should we just go back and Yeah.
The pre- silk song bit, which I estimate
is what, like 15, 20 minutes before the
end of the show. We can find out.
Um, we got a little preview. Let's
rewatch. Let's rewind
from software.
So good.
Carry on. Carry on. Carry on. Carry on.
Carry on. Carry. It was that kids that
dead. Oh, look. Final fantasy cyber
punk. Punk. I see cyber punk. Yeah. All
right. There you go.
This is the This is the kid survival
game. Left four dead. Left four kids.
Terrible. That's dead. Kids stranded.
Let's slay some tra. That's going to be
horrible on your knuckles. Minecrafty
building line and sink. Why do people
put fishing games in games? I don't
Everyone loves a fish. Why? Cuz everyone
loves fish. Like fishing like started to
master this kind of easy to get daunting
to do as a hobby. So just do it again.
Well, don't do it at all cuz it's the
world's boring fishing. You got to put
worms on
like touch maggots. Survival kids.
Everyone go and touch maggots. Hi, I'm
Dave Krooks from Dodge Roll. Hi again.
Enter the dungeon. It's weird seeing
people's like voices coming out. Here's
the first look at Enter the Dungeon 2.
Not used to it on this stream. Dodge
countless bullets and aim for the
dungeon steps in our rogike [ __ ]
sequel. Now reloaded in a new 3D art
style. Enter the Dungeon 2. That's quite
cool. Expect some fan favorite elements
to return. Let's put the um We're still
working on the game. Let's put that to
share more with you in the future.
Here we go.
And there's Oh, look at the little cat.
Oh gosh, he's got Oh, God. Get him. Get
his ass. Okay. It's like No Man's Sky,
but but with worse graphics or Savage
Planet. Yeah, it's not it's not that,
but yeah, it's got that vibe. Yeah.
It's a multiplayer. It's an open world.
Maybe a survival game. It's got very
pixelated waterfalls.
Like polygonal waterfalls. Yeah. It's
got a horrible monster. Big monsters to
fight. W
cute. Is it like an MMO or what are we
what are we talking? I don't know.
Starseker Astron Expeditions. Okay.
Cute. I am. That's cute. Oh, devolver.
Okay. I am provisionally super into that
idea. Hello. My name is Adam Badovski
thread. We are delighted to bring the
immersive world of the dark future to
Nintendo players for the first time. I
wonder how this is going to work.
Cyberpunk 2077 is an open world action
adventure RPG set in night. They've been
waiting for the Switch. Thanks to
Nintendo Switch 2, you can transport
yourself to the city of dreams at home
or on the demanding. Get ready to meet
unforgettable characters and discover
engaging stories when Cyberpunk 2077
Ultimate Edition comes to Nintendo
Switch 2 on launch day. [ __ ] samurai.
Yeah. Remake and reverse. Oh, only
remake. Integrate.
Yeah. Remake. Integrate. Integrate is
like the upgraded version. It is the PS5
version.
So upgrade basically. But not doing re
They're not they're not committing to
doing rebirth. Sony have a year's worth
of exclusivity.
more updates on there. So you can assume
that rebirth eventually. Yeah,
I'll tide you over maybe.
There he is. Sephiro.
Kiru. Kiru mentioned.
All right. This is this is the montage.
The silk song montage. Yeah. As it shall
be known.
Very good. So about four to five seconds
of silk song. Okay. Okay. And it just it
did say 2025 though, right? Yeah. The
year. So that's what it says. That's
what it says. All right. All right.
Well, you can't lie in a new Twooint
Museum. While we were while we were
getting I clocked that as well, but I
have played it and I can play it on a
Steam Deck. Yeah, you can. All right.
That was the Nintendo Switch 2 Direct.
Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for watching. If
you liked it, press the thumbs up on
this video. If you didn't like it, press
the thumbs up on this video as well. Um,
to register your disapproval.
We'll see you for more soon on Outside
Extra. Yeah, we're going to Paris to
play. We are going to Paris to play on
it over the weekend. So, yeah, expect
more soon. And now, The Cars that Made
the 90s featuring Jason Plays.
Bye.
[Music]
Heat
[Music]
up Heat.
[Music]
[Applause]
Heat. Heat. Heat. N.
[Music]
[Applause]