the price we announced today of $449 for
this for the single skew. We didn't
consider tariffs into that equation. We
felt that that was going to be the right
price point for our consumers and and
the right value proposition, if you
will, for the device that we're
creating. We are entering into a new era
of Nintendo as said by Nintendo which
almost has flashbacks to how Xbox was
branding themselves after the reveal of
the Xbox One and the parallels with the
Xbox One and some of the disastrous
consoles over the last number of years.
It's alarming how many parallels there
are so far. But regardless of how people
feel about the Nintendo Switch 2 so far,
it looks like excitement is in the air.
You can look to the debut trailer,
226,000 likes to 25,000 likes. I think a
lot of people like the advancements that
Nintendo has made here, but obviously
there are many detractors, many not
feeling this console, and a lot of that
has to do with the pricing so far, as
you can see in the the comment section
of the debut YouTube video here, the
reveal event. Thank you, Nintendo, but
our wallet is in another castle. That is
a great summarization of a lot that
we're going to be going through this
video and some of the defenses coming
from Nintendo because Doug Bowser, one
of the heads at Nintendo, has said a lot
recently and he has defended a lot of
the moves that Nintendo has made and
he's also said a lot of stuff that just
comes off as pure nonsense. But we have,
like I said, we have seen detractors.
Shui Yoshida, one of the former top
heads at PlayStation said that the event
was underwhelming until From Software
showed up. His critique was more so that
there wasn't a lot of original games.
There was a lot of remakes and remasters
and stuff along those lines. And I can
understand that criticism. I genuinely
can't. I think there was only two big uh
Nintendo games. What was it? Super Mario
World and Donkey Kong Bonanza. And I
probably said that wrong. But then there
is also the tutorial like welcome tour
if you consider that a game. And I guess
Nintendo does. But like I said, despite
some of the upgrades that have come
here, I think Nintendo understood the
assignment and the fact that they didn't
really need to completely redesign
everything. they just need to give their
uh give the Switch a little bit of a
massive upgrade in terms of its power,
its potential, and we've seen that with
the specs that have been revealed. And I
think that that is what excited a lot of
people originally when this was
announced and also some of the leaks
over the last number of months. But like
I said, some of the other stuff that has
come out and uh Nvidia confirmed that
there's going to be DLSS and real-time
rate tracing. That is great. games are
going to look better and the games are
also going to hopefully have a little
bit more potential in terms of what can
be provided to players because yes,
there was limitations. You could see
that with many of the last number of
entries. Now, whether Nintendo takes uh
this console to its fullest potential,
that remains to be seen. But like I
said, Nintendo's uh president Doug
Bowser just saying a lot of
mind-boggling stuff lately. This is one
of the couple of comments we're going to
be talking about in this video, but yes,
he channeled the Xbox One's disastrous
launch messaging when defending Switch 2
pricing. So, this specifically is in
regards to the console price because
yes, I believe the debut price for the
Switch back all those years ago was
$299. This time around, it's $450. And a
lot of people even with that price point
found that absolutely ridiculous because
I think one of the reasons why the
Nintendo Switch Switch uh flourished
when it came out and has become a sales
behemoth over the last number of years
challenging the PS2 in terms of one of
the top consoles sold of all time is
because of its affordability. And that
is not what's happening here at all.
They're actually taking a book from what
Xbox did with the Xbox One and also I
think more notably with Sony with what
they did with the PlayStation 3 which
ended up really messing up that
generation for them. Now Doug Bowser in
this interview with CBC, he again he is
the Nintendo president. Uh he has been
trying to help everyone understand why
the Switch 2 was priced at $450 in the
US and that really should have an asterk
next to it because of the current real
world situation tariffs. Nintendo has
indicated that they don't know what's
going to happen. maybe there'll be
another increase. So, an increase on top
of an increase, and that's more
noticeable with uh the game prices we're
going to be getting into in Doug
Bowser's comments, but again, we'll talk
about that as this video develops
because he had a lot to say in that
regard. Now, specifically Bowser, he
explained that the tariffs had nothing
to do with that lofty price. So, the
tariffs, a lot of experts were saying
this is because of No, that has not been
factored into this at all yet, which is
kind of alarming at this point. But
speaking with CBC, the Nintendo boss
told those won't who won't be able to
afford the Switch 2 that they can keep
playing the original Switch, which
again, Don Madrick, uh, if you don't
know, he was the Xbox One boss at the
time. That just reminds me of his
comments back at the time when he was
pushing online connection, always
online. He said, "If you don't like it,
go play the Xbox 360." And Bowser saying
that just go play the Nintendo Switch. I
genuinely think a lot of people may be
doing that, especially with some of the
greed that is going on here, the blatant
greed. Now, he says, "We recognize there
are some people that may not be able to
afford the Switch 2's price point.
That's why we wanted to make the other
Switch platforms available." Bowser
explained, and I just find this this
comment absolutely ridiculous, and I
think a lot of people rightfully have
been ridiculing his remarks, and a lot
of the other stuff we're going to be
getting into at this as this video
develops. But, like I said, the Nintendo
Switch 2 reveal event, there was a lot
of cool things announced. The Dusk
Bloods was the big one. I think a lot of
people originally thought that this was
like Castlevania or something else, but
From Software, you know, their name card
popping up. That was a massive shock to
everybody. And I believe that this is a
timed exclusive thing. So maybe this
eventually makes its way to other
platforms, but this is a big get for
Nintendo. Um, I do wonder if there's
going to be a massive player base there
day one or that remains to be seen, but
we'll see. Now, we also saw Delta Rune
chapters 1 through 4. there's a bunch of
other third party games that were
announced. So Nintendo definitely uh
making up some of the mistakes that they
have in the past that that's not going
to be the case here with the Switch 2.
And I think that's more so a lot of AAA
publishers understanding that Nintendo
just has a massive platform now. And
especially after the Wii U, I think
there was a lot of skepticism with
Nintendo moving forward and supporting
their console, but that's just not the
case anymore. Like I'm sure we'll
probably eventually see a game like
Grand Theft Auto 6 make its way to the
Nintendo Switch. This is a platform
developers, publishers want to be on.
Now, it is also worth mentioning Hollow
Knight Silkong finally made an
appearance. It was very brief, but it is
launching this year. Awesome to see that
news after, I think, 8 years ago. It was
announced it in a Nintendo event or
something. So, like I said, there was
definitely some cool reveals here, even
some of the exclusive games. Mario Kart
World looks kind of interesting. We
obviously Donkey Kong Bonanza was also
another big announcement. It seems to be
a lot of critics and those who played it
said it was a big highlight of the
event. So, yes, there does seem to be
some really cool games that are going to
be there day one for the Nintendo Switch
2. It's just the pricing and some of the
other stuff going on around this game,
which has floored a lot of us, and there
has been some massive backlash that
Nintendo right now is kind of ignoring.
So, it starts with this. Um, selling a
tech manual is a rather bold choice.
Yes, the Welcome Tour. This is a game of
sorts. Explore the new system through
tech demos, mini games, and quizzes with
Nintendo Switch 2 welcome tour. A lot of
people thought that this was originally
like a joke. Haha. It's not going to be
paid, of course. But no, Nintendo is
actually charging for the manual of the
game pretty much, or the console pretty
much. And I just, again, another thing
that's absolutely [ __ ] ridiculous to
me. And here we have, like I said,
Nintendo confirms the US price. It's
$9.99. $9.99. And I just don't see the
reasoning for this being charged making
any sense. This is something that's not
going to sell at all. We obviously have
seen that Nintendo has been defending
this and some of the interviews and
stuff that they have done, but I do find
some of the impressions that are going
around absolutely hilarious. Switches uh
Switch 2's paid tutorial welcome tour
almost made a player fall asleep at
Nintendo event just not good. Not good
at all. The optics of this look so so
horrible and it makes Nintendo look
extremely greedy, especially with the
context of everything that we're about
to get over with all the pricing and all
the controversy and the defenses coming
from Nintendo. But yeah, specifically
Nintendo of America's VP of product and
player experience, Bill Trin, he said it
was a robust piece of software that will
appeal to people really interested in
the specs, adding that the amount of
care and work that the team put into it
made it worth the price. And I swear to
God, there is no correlation with the
amount of work that's put into a game
and you know pricing something. I it
just keeps happening in this industry.
We worked on this for so many years. So
this is the justification for XYZ price.
That's just stupid. I find that
reasoning so dumb. This specific
Nintendo executive took things a step
further in another interview, this time
with IGN, saying that $9.99 is not an
exorbitant price in his eyes. Bill
Trinan additionally saying that it's a
pretty robust piece of software with a
lot of great detail in there.
Furthermore, he added, "For some people,
I think there are people who are
particularly interested in the tech and
the specs of the system." And he says
it's pretty much made for them rather
than necessarily a quick intro to
everything it does. And for that reason
and just the amount of care and work
that the team put into it, I think it
was decided that yeah, this feels like
$9.99. It's not an exorbitant price. It
feels like a good value for what you're
getting out of the product. And again,
delusional mindset at the very least.
Now, Nintendo of America senior VP of
development and planning, Nate Buildoff,
uh he shared similar sentiments with
comicbook.com, adding that it features
lots of really fun mini games. And then
we have the this impression coming from
a gaming YouTuber, Jake Randall,
claiming that someone at the Switch 2
event in New York City almost fell
asleep playing it and compared it to an
instruction manual with mini games. And
the justification for charging for that,
I just don't see it right now. And this
just seems like it was a massive
mistake. One of the many mistakes that
so far have been made with the Switch 2,
which calls into question of how, you
know, how great this will be for the
next console generation for Nintendo.
Will they be able to reach the heights
of the Switch? Right now, I have extreme
skepticism, especially with what they're
doing with game prices. But like I said,
this is the debut trailer of this, you
know, their little gameplay video that
they showed off. 13,000 dislikes to only
1.8,000 8,000 likes. I think that really
tells the story so far. Super generous
of Nintendo for letting us watch this
for free. To the person who decided that
the virtual manual shouldn't be a free
pack in title. I hope they step on a
Lego. And uh the fact that you have to
pay for this is the first lesson of the
Switch 2 tutorial. The fact that this
isn't free is genuinely baffling. So,
you kind of get the sentiment here. And
I think I really would love to see how
many people are actually going to buy
this because I'm extremely skeptical of
that. Now though, we also have the
mysterious C button. We finally found
out that it was a game chat feature, but
again, this just lines up with the the
greed that we have so far seen with the
Switch 2 because yes, this is another
thing that is being paywalled. It is one
of those things you have to pay for the
monthly service. I think that's like
$19.99 a month. And I think a lot of
people in their eyes is just I'll use
Discord instead. I love my Switch. I
play my Switch a lot with family and
yes, Discord, stuff like that or playing
it in person, like that's just the way I
go about it. So, I don't know. We'll see
how the game chat feature works, but
pretty much it's one of those things
that if you're not paying for the
subscription service, it's just
something that's there and something
that uh won't be usable, I guess, at
all. Now, it is worth mentioning that
this is the main meat of this video I
really wanted to talk about. First party
Switch 2 games, including re-releases,
all run either $70 or $80. All Nintendo
titles see an increase from the $60
Switch One status quo. The industry has
once again gone up about $10 in pricing.
And the comparisons I've seen people
making to the '90s, oh, the pricing back
then was like $80 [ __ ] dollars for
games. And guess what? Very different
period. We had Blockbuster, uh, game
ownership just was very different back
then versus how it is now. And amount of
people that were actually interested in
gaming is drastically different than
then versus now. So, I just don't like
the comparisons people have been making
to how pricing used to be because yes,
rentals, used games, that was a major
component. That is not the case now in
this digital focused future. And I just
find this the defenses people have been
making for Nintendo nauseating in my
opinion. But specifically, we have this
Nintendo Switch 2 edition game upgrade
pack price is seemingly revealed for the
Japan. And it pretty much indicates that
a lot of the big games, first-p partyy
Nintendo games are getting $10 to
$20, I guess you could say, upgrade
paths. Pretty much it's pretty much what
we've seen out of PlayStation as of
late. I think Xbox has been a little bit
more fair with giving out free upgrades.
But yes, this seems to be the new thing
Nintendo is going to be doing. But there
is there's another layer to this that
does need to be mentioned. It's the fact
that I don't know if these games, this
is something that you would have to
decide yourself, but looking at some of
the gameplay that they've shown, like
here we have Breath of the Wild Switch
One versus Switch 2. Is that a
justification for paying another $10 to
$20? I don't know. I mean, I've seen
some of the work that PlayStation has
done with their remakes and remasters,
and I feel like they've at least
justified it a little bit more than
this, in which the resolution looks
obviously a little bit more crisper, but
that's about it. And yes, charging fans
for upgrades. This has been normalized.
This is the new thing. And it I guess
you could say it did start with
PlayStation. But again, the effort that
has been put into this, I just I
question it. I really do. And obviously,
we've also seen Nintendo Switch 2 games
will cost up to $98 for physical games
when converted from euros. And this is
just adding on to the game pricing
issues that so many people have been
hammering home on and hoping Nintendo
does revert. but it doesn't look like
they will be doing based on some
comments that we're about to get into.
But it has been announced that price for
games on the Nintendo Switch 2 will set
players back up to $80. But things have
become even more steep for players in
different regions. And this is the big
thing. Regional pricing, especially if
in
Europe, it's this game. This is going to
be an absolute nightmare for you. The
price increase has affected European
players particularly uh hard with
Nintendo Switch 2 games costing €80 for
a digital copy in Euro in Europe while
physical will be for $90. That's $98
when converted to dollars and that is
just absolutely nightmarish. And it goes
on to mention that the announcement of
$80 digital video games for the Switch 2
can be found on the official Nintendo
website. This has been confirmed now.
This is the big thing that a lot of us
originally when the these price points
were announced it Nintendo didn't come
out originally like saying this is what
this is going to cost they kind of
initially just didn't give any
indication for any of the pricing. That
was the really confusing part about all
of this and then the coming days we've
gotten the clarity that uh it's
unfortunate really. It is worth
mentioning however that Donkey Kong
Bonanza is being priced at $70. That
seems to suggest it will continue to be
on a game-by-game basis. Something that
Doug Bowser has confirmed in an
interview that we're about to get into.
Though $80 might be few and far between,
at least for now. And I guarantee you
one of the big problems that we're going
to see have happen is that all the AAA
games industry is going to follow suit
with that price point. You're going to
see it with all the big releases, NBA
2K, Madden, EFC, Call of Duty, that is
going to be the new norm moving forward.
And that's because Nintendo, one of the
top dogs in this industry, said that.
And that's what a lot of people were
hoping Rockstar Games was going to do
with Grand Theft Auto 6, but they didn't
have to wait because Nintendo did it
ahead of time. And now the question is,
who's going to be the next one to
increase prices? Because it's
inevitability. It's going to happen.
We've seen it the last couple years. We
went from 60 to 70 very fast. Now 70 to
80 even faster. And I think 80 to 90
will be even faster. But yes, this is an
example somebody brought up. Switch 2
costs $700 in Norway and Mario Kart
alone is $12. Might be skipping this
one, boys. And yeah, some of the
regional pricing that is hitting some of
these countries extremely hard. And this
is what I mean by some of the outcry and
outrage that we have seen. Nintendo
Switch 2 live stream comments are 99%
spam of drop the price. And this is
before the whole tariff thing that has
now engulfed the gaming industry and
concerns that maybe the price increase
that we're seeing so far could be even,
you know, maybe we'll see $90 because of
it. Who knows what ends up happening.
But yes, this is on the Nintendo Switch
channel. Drop the price, drop the price
back to 60. And unfortunately, Nintendo
isn't listening at all. And this is a a
video that a YouTuber took of the chat.
Here you go. 50,000 people all saying,
"Drop the price. Drop the price. Drop
the price." And so far, Nintendo just
doesn't care about any of that because
they think they are justified with this
price point, which so far I have not
seen any justification with the
experiences that they are building. Um,
obviously there's people defending them
and some of the comments we're going to
get into, but I I just don't see it
personally myself. And and this is what
I mean. GameStop posted this, an update
from Nintendo. Pruders for the Nintendo
Switch 2 have been delayed. They were
supposed to start on April 9th. They
won't because of the ongoing trade war
and tariffs and a lot of the confusion
going on with that. But there is a
reality in which the prices that have
been set by Nintendo do increase because
of the real world economic stuff that's
going on. But that's not certain at all
yet. It remains to be seen. Now we
finally get to Doug Bowser. He is the
again president of Nintendo and he had a
recent interview with Gan Park of the
Washington Post in which he defended the
game prices. This is the defense that is
infuriating in my opinion. So, Gene
Park, he says, "I sat down with Doug
Bowser, Nintendo of America's president,
the day before the tariff decision.
Nintendo won't address the tariffs
beyond the delay announcement." But
Bowser provided some insight into the
company's approach to pricing titles.
First off, Bowser noted that the other
Marqu title, Donkey Kong Bonanza,
remains at the standard retail price for
premium games of $70. What you see right
here is variable pricing. We'll look at
each game, really look at the
development that's gone into the game,
the breadth and the depth of the
gameplay, if you will, the durability
over time, and the repeatability of
gameplay experiences. Those are all
factors, and there's many more that go
into consideration of what it is, the
right price point for the game. So, I
think you can anticipate that there will
be variable pricing, and we haven't set
a benchmark. And this sounds very
familiar because we heard a similar
defense from Ubisoft in which their
justification for charging $70 for Skull
and Bones was we did a lot of hard work.
We worked on it for many years. It's a
quadruple AAA game. And more or less
that's kind of what Doug Bowser is
saying here. He just says that we put a
lot of hard work in this game and we
feel like it justifies the price point.
And the problem is this gaming industry
uses this defense all the [ __ ] time
for any experience and every we've heard
this justification used for literally
NBA 2K. NBA 2K, one of the greediest
franchises. Take 2 CEO believes it games
can justify $70 price tag. And he was
using that specifically with NBA 2K. I
think that really does say a lot about
the delusional mindset of a lot of these
executives in this industry. And I
understand, you know, Nintendo
experience very different than just some
shitty NBA game. But the f the the truth
is that they are the trends setters.
Nintendo one of them and the industry is
going to follow suit because of this.
And pretty much moving forward, we're
going to see all of these new AAA
experiences now charging this new
premium of $80 until eventually another
trends setter takes that up to $90 and
eventually $100, which is which feels
like that's where we're headed. And it
is worth mentioning that Take2
Interactive, they were one of the
companies that did defend their $70
saying that there was no push back. And
that's because they have such a hold on
their audience. casual gamers eat up
these games. They're not going to lose
out or miss out on NBA the new NBA
installment just over $10. And that's
what I mean. That's what they there was
tons of outcry online, but Strauss
Zelnik, the T2 CEO, he doesn't care
about any of that. And I think in
Nintendo's eyes, if Mario Kart World's
still selling, you know, 10 million
copies or whatever, they're not going to
care about the outcry that they're
seeing right now. But ultimately, I
think that this turns off a lot of
people to many other experiences, and
that's going to be a problem moving
forward for this AAA games industry or
quadriple AAA games industry at this
point. I feel like that's what we should
be defining it as. But getting back to
this interview from Gene Park of the
Washington Post, he went on to ask
Bowser if Nintendo breaking the seal on
higher game prices as part of its role
as an industry leader, which I think is
an interesting question to ask. And
Bowser said, "I think it's less about
representing the industry. This is
really about Nintendo deciding the right
thing to do for its products or what the
pricing should be for its products
overall. Even in the previous
generation, we had some variability. Uh
Bowser pointed to various Zelda games
being priced differently. Uh Tears of
the Kingdom in 2023 was massively
popular and Nintendo's first $70 game.
While the previous game for 2017 is 60,
the remake of Link's Awakening also cost
60. And while it's an old Game Boy game,
it was completely remade from the ground
up with new technology, art style, and
content. Even with that, some people
were upset with the pricing. I think
that's that should be mentioned in this
uh discussion. Bowser says, "I think for
us, that's really how we want to proceed
and go forward. I can't speak for other
games that might be released by other
publishers or other platforms, which
many are going to follow suit with this
new pricing. It's more about what we
think is right for our content, what is
the right value for the consumers as
they come into our platform." And I just
don't like this response at all. all and
I think it really does a disservice to
the gaming audience and also Nintendo's
role as a trends setter within this
industry. And obviously Nintendo doesn't
care about any of that. They're just
looking at themselves. But I do find
this is an extremely greedy decision.
And adding on to the remarks that were
made in that Washington Post interview,
we actually do have a video interview
from CNBC with Doug Bowser in which he
continues his remarks and defending of
the price point for the Switch 2 games
at $80 and specifically Mario Kart
World. the console as a digital download
that it's a $50 add-on, but if you buy
the game itself, this got a lot of
attention. I don't know if you've seen
$80. That's that's a lot for a game. I
know it's typically not what Nintendo
charges. And then we look at the Donkey
Kong game that's coming out about a
month later, it's $70. Can you talk a
little bit about how the gaming pricing
strategy is $80 kind of the benchmark
for a AAA game from Nintendo? What
should we be expecting in the Switch 2
generation as far as how much we're
going to be spending on these games?
Yeah, I would say that we're not really
looking to establish a benchmark for
pricing. We look at every They haven't
set a benchmark specifically because
pricing variability, but it is the new
benchmark for this AAA games industry.
People will follow Nintendo's lead at
every experience and determine what we
believe is the right price point based
on that experience. you've had a chance
to play Mario Kart World and see how
deeply immersive it is and how fun it
is. And we haven't shown everything yet.
We still have a Mario Kart World Direct
that'll be coming that'll show even the
deeper feature set. So, we believe based
on the depth and breadth of the play and
the repeatability of the play over time,
the pricing that we that we announced is
the right pricing. But again, other
games like you mentioned, Donkey Kong
Bonanza, I is going to be at a $70 price
point because that was what we feel is
the right price point for that
particular gaming experience. Yeah. And
it's a continuation of what he said and
this is their defense that they're going
to be going with and I just don't like
it at all. So there's no standard price
basically. There's no there's no
standard price. What about for third
party titles? Is that kind of up to the
developer? Yeah. And then he continues
just bringing up the fact that yeah, AAA
publishers, they can do whatever they
want. And ultimately, I I just I don't
like any of these remarks. I don't like
the defending. I don't like the fact
that they're using we put so much
passion into this game, so this is why
we're making this the new price point of
$80, even though everybody else in this
industry is going to follow suit. And
really, the justification that Bowser
makes here is one that could be used on
any game. I do think that this gaming
industry is making a mistake by upping
the price for a lot of these AAA
experiences is it's turning off a lot of
players from buying these new games. And
I think that is going to be a problem
that we see moving forward. You know,
you see all these games, you know,
flaunting their 10 to 30 million copies,
you know, sold. But as the economy, you
know, struggles, there's issues there
and these prices keep going, ballooning
up, you're going to see more and more
people just playing older experiences.
And that's that's what's been happening
the last couple of years. games mostly
played old gamers mostly played older
games like GTA 5 and Fortnite in 2023.
This is going to become the norm. This
is going to be the new thing. And I
think a lot of people really don't
understand that these free-to-play games
like Fortnite and Roblox and stuff, that
is what a lot of the younger generation
is playing. That's why console growth
has stagnated. And part of the issue is
the fact that a lot of adults,
especially, I think it's one out of
three or maybe even close to half, are
living paycheck to paycheck in America.
What that means is that buying video
games is seen as a want. And with a lot
of Americans, they're only buying one
new video game or so a year. And yeah, a
lot of the time it is mainstream
franchises like the Call of Duties, like
Battlefields. And that makes it harder
for, you know, non- big franchises to
grow or games that aren't 10 out of 10.
And that's why I do think you see a lot
of the younger generation pivoting to
games that are cheaper or free to play.
And I think that's why you've seen, you
know, a lot of the big franchises that
have taken off with these younger
audiences are the ones that are not
costing an arm a leg pretty much. That's
why Nintendo going about this and making
these experiences even more expensive. I
just feel like this really could uh blow
up in this gaming industry's face. And
Nintendo is the one who started this,
especially this new $80. And obviously,
they're not going to take any ownership
of that because they're just looking at
themselves. But this is going to be the
new norm. And I think it could have an
effect on everybody. But these are some
of the comments people have been saying
after seeing the Switch 2 direct. I can
safely say I have zero regrets for
owning the Steam Deck. And yeah, the
Steam Deck definitely looking very good
in my eyes personally. Uh Switch 2 is
like a reverse PS3 where instead of
being a horrifically uh overpriced
console with no games at launch. It's a
moderately reasonable price console with
loads of games that are all horrifyingly
overpriced. Um okay, and this is how the
Nintendo Switch 2 menu will look like
cuz people can only afford one game. And
that that very much so is true. Uh,
somebody saying, "I hope that the Switch
2 is plagued by piracy right out of the
gate. Nintendo deserves it." U, another
comment saying, "Those Nintendo Switch 2
game prices. I think I miss my $60
games." And yeah, I think a lot of
people don't when they talk about these
games, like look, publishers, they need
more and more money. All these
companies, Nintendo, Sony, Xbox, X,
whatever publisher you want to bring up,
they're making billions of dollars.
There's more people playing video games
than ever before and microtransaction
sales, which is a where the bread and
butter really is made with a lot of
these companies, they're making more
money than ever. That's why, think about
this AAA, you know, billion-dollar
corporation. I just find that such a
lousy excuse. These companies aren't
struggling to, you know, make money.
They're making so much money. They're
just trying to increase their bottom
line here. And that's what's missing
from a lot of this the conversations
right now surrounding the pricing. In
the wake of today's Switch 2 news, I am
once again screaming this from the
rooftops. And here's one of the
defenders. An $80 game in the big 2025
is still worlds cheaper than games were
back in the day. And again, people have
rightfully ridiculed this remark,
pointing out that how game ownership
back then versus now. And, you know,
just the gaming environment was very
different. And this comic kind of
summarizes it. It's okay for Nintendo to
set new pricing standards because they
used to charge a [ __ ] ton before. Most
people bought games secondhand back in
the day and for way less than. also
rentals of course uh than even $60 and
they could trade them and sell them
later. There is no reason for a digital
game to be $80. And I agree. I I really
do. Nintendo is really on another level
of greediness, bro. And yes, this is the
Switch to Edition. Again, this is the
thing about the digital only future.
Prices don't go down. You're not going
to have GameStop in which you can find a
used game for $10 or $20, which again is
another point I'm trying to make with
the younger generation and how they're,
you know, them getting involved in the
console games and stuff. It's just not
happening as much anymore. And that is
because these AAA publishers are
charging a premium and these prices
aren't moving down at all. Especially
with this all digital future, this is
what these companies have wanted. They
want a more hold on these prices to and
ensure that they don't go down. And the
fact that they're selling $70 for a game
that came out what, eight or nine years
ago on originally the Wii U, I believe
it released on, I just find that
honestly insane. And yes, obviously we
talked about some of the sideby-side
comparisons. I don't think that the
remake justifies the $10 or $20
increase, but this this is a game that
should not be $70 in the big year of
2025. Obviously, that that's everybody
else can debate that, but that's just my
personal perspective. And another one,
as far as I could tell, you can buy
Breath of the Wild for 70 on Switch 2,
and it doesn't come with the game's DLC.
Amazing stuff. And yeah, these are the
pricing so far. You got Kirby $80.
Street Fighter 6 is 60. Yeah, this this
pricing is absolutely horrific. And this
is the all digital future. This is what
these p publishers and companies
desperately want. And I truly do fear
it. And yeah, one of the big issues with
physical games dying is pretty much this
just absurd pricing in my opinion. That
is becoming normalized. And yes,
obviously people have been pointing out
the next big trends setter could be
Rockstar Games. Rockstar Games realizing
they can get away with charging $90 USD
for GTA 6 after the switch to game
announcements today. Another person
saying again, Rockstar looking like
they're about to drop GTA 6 for
$100. And look, the truth is this gaming
industry has been desperately wanting
one of these big companies to increase
prices. Embracer said this back in 2024.
They were talking about how much work
and how much hard work they put into
role playing games. And they're saying
what what happens if a 10 out of 10 game
comes out? Why shouldn't they feel
justification for charging an increase?
And they said, would it be that one
company one day that tries to increase
pricing? That remains to be seen. And it
has happened now. And that $80, I
guarantee is going to become the new
norm moving forward. And it's not like
it's going to be the next GTA 6 is going
to be charging that. It's going to be
any and all big experiences because all
these AAA publishers glaze up any and
all game even if it is like a five out
of 10 in terms of quality in the eyes of
most consumers. Uh yeah, ACG of Jeremy
Panter game reviewer saying there's no
indication nor history nor even a hint
that Rockstar takes pricing ideas from
Nintendo. That is flatly damn
ridiculous. If GTA launches at 100, it
was going to do so far before Nintendo
showed prices today, which is I think it
is fair. That's a stunning almost
asinine thought process. Although I do
think that Rockstar at least has a
little bit more justification in their
eyes. I suppose if they do want to
increase prices, especially as Nintendo
just did it. And even if they weren't
going to go for 100, I guarantee now it
will be $80. And maybe special editions
take it up to 100. you get a free horse
or a free car [ __ ] something, which
is also a norm in this industry to try
to get people to buy buy uh deluxe
editions. Uh some other comments, RDR2
costs 400 million to make from the
ground up and sold for 60. Meanwhile,
Nintendo develops Mario Kart using
reused assets for less than 50 million
and wants to sell for $90. How can
anyone possibly justify these atrocious
prices from Nintendo? And I do think
what's missing from this conversation is
the fact that graphic fidelity isn't the
the whole thing. Fun factor is a big
part of these experiences, which is why
a lot of people absolutely love Zelda,
Mario, and a lot of the Nintendo firstp
partyy experiences. I don't think we
need it to look like an absolute 10 out
of 10. Although some of these games, I
will admit, like the Pokémon
installments, the fact that they haven't
really evolved much in the last 20
years. This is just a whole different
discussion that we could have in terms
of, you know, Nintendo should be doing
better with some of these franchises.
Although I do think Mario more often
than not with a lot of these entries is
extremely fun and I do think it is worth
the price. Now $80 that's a different
discussion because I don't think it is
worth $80. Now it is also worth
mentioning we did see Bucky the PAW
World ironically enough the company that
has been sued by Nintendo. Uh they did
chime into this whole discussion saying
gee whiz and gosh golly it sure feels
like 70 to90 games might only benefit
AAA and not indies. Huh? You'll say they
won't all be 70 to 90 now, but by the
end of the year, they'll be doing it
across every platform. The moment one
game sells well, the floodgates open.
And I agree. Look, it is what it is.
People are going to buy them anyway, and
the discourse will only be will only
sour a year or so before games get
gamers get used to it. I'm just not sure
gaming as a whole is ready for that
shift in price. It doesn't mean the
quality of games get better, but we are
going to see a lot of AAA companies
start eyeballing these price points now.
And I agree. And then another thing that
we didn't even get into discussion of
again it's just the push into this all
digital future in which game key cards
was announced. Cartridges do not have
any data on them and you will need to
download the game from the internet like
a digital version. In addition the
cartridges must be inserted to play.
This is just again the push from
physical game ownership to digital.
We're seeing that in real time and I
something like this I'm just like why
even bother? Uh these are similar to the
require additional download games on the
Switch one where developer would use the
smallest cartridge size and implement
the additional download as a software
update. And again, I just I just don't
see the point of this in my opinion. But
it has been said that this is something
that can be traded. So I guess there is
a little bit of upside with this. But
again, I just I don't really understand
a lot of the decisions that have been
made with the Switch 2. Feels like a lot
of Nintendo shooting themselves in the
foot. And that really is the
summarization of all the defenses and
all of the comments and all of the
reveals that have happened with this
console in terms of pricing. It's just a
mess right now. And I'm very curious to
see how mainstream audiences react to
it. I'm sure it's going to start out
strong out the gate, but will it have,
you know, the the upside that the first,
you know, the Nintendo Switch had? I
genuinely have skepticism about that.
And I feel like Nintendo following the
path that the Xbox One and PlayStation 3
did, that's nightmarish. And anyway,
what do you make of all of this? What do
you make of Doug Bowser's remarks, his
defenses of the pricing so far of the
Switch 2? What do you make of some of
the other announcements that have been
made since the event? Let me know your
thoughts down in the comment section
below. But thank you for watching. Make
sure to leave a like if you did enjoy
this video or if you found any
informative value. Consider subscribing
for more videos like this. And I'll see
you later.