What's up, guys? Welcome back to
Newsweek. Well, we're here again to talk
about prices going up, which has been a
pretty common theme recently. Well,
still yesterday, the prices went up so
much in a press release for a certain
platform that it was shocking. I mean,
sticker shock all across the internet.
And once again, leaving people to wonder
what exactly does the future look like
for a gaming industry that might
actually legitimately price itself out
for many different gamers. And we'll go
over all of that here today. Also, we
are going to be talking about Nintendo
making a pretty big change as they head
towards the Switch 2 generation,
specifically for the eShop. And we'll
also be talking about Amazon Prime
Gaming, which had a bunch of games get
announced for the month of May. And
technically, if you have Amazon Prime,
you're going to want to take a look at
this because these will be available for
you with many of them being DRM free.
So, if you guys enjoy these videos, make
sure you hit that like button. Helps out
a ton. And if you're new here to the
Spawnwave channel, make sure you
subscribe down below. And of course,
members for the channel do get NewsWave
early. If you would like to learn more
about that, click the join button or the
link in the description down below. And
we're going to start today with Nintendo
Nintendo Switch Online and their
Gamecube controller that they'll have
available ahead of the Switch 2 launch
and then I guess start shipping out
right around that time or before and you
get it on launch day. I'm still not
really sure how exactly that's going to
work out, but I'm certainly interested
in one. So, I've been keeping an eye out
for when exactly pre-orders will be
available. They're coming specifically
from Nintendo. You will need, of course,
an Nintendo Switch online account to
order, which kind of makes sense
considering it it ties in with NSO, but
still. Uh, I did notice as well as many
others at the bottom of the page. You
can see they do have this listed from
May 8th, 2025 to May 12th, 2025, though
I've limited to switch to early purchase
access invitation recipients, that being
for their website. But I think for the
majority of people right now, maybe who
have a pre-order and are just looking
for the controller, uh that that'll be
starting May 13, 2025. Okay? So, just
wanted to put that out there for anyone
who is interested. Keep that date in
mind. May 13th minimum. Okay? Limit one
purchase per Nintendo account, of
course, so they can stop people from
trying to load up on these things and
then resell it. Either way, I'm going to
be looking to get one of those so that
we can do a tear down and just an
overall comparison even to like the
original like the original GameCube
controller here and see how onetoone it
really is. Also, a heads up for Gamefly
members as well, we've talked about
pricing going up, pricing's going up,
which we can see this over on their
website. Now, they do mention that
prices here are effective April 30th,
2025 for new and returning accounts.
Active members who join Gamefly prior to
April 30th will have these prices
reflected on their July 2025 billing
statement. So, if you've been a
longunning customer in general or just
signed up even a few months ago, these
won't be reflected until uh midway
through the summer here in July. Still
though, you can see some of the price
here and they have they have many
different tiers. I mean, they even have
one for if you don't mind a budget plan
that you'll rent out certain titles that
are over 30 days old, right? that starts
at like $13 plus tax per month. And
Gamefly has been a at least a good
service for people who are of course
trying to be able to play like different
games without spending $70 or $80. But
still, you see those prices and even
that's getting well kind of expensive.
But the thing with Gamefly is they are
completely at the mercy of the gaming
industry based on what prices of games
are because if prices go from 60 to 70
and then 70 to 80, it just becomes more
and more expensive for them to maintain
their inventory because they have to buy
a bunch of games to then rent out or
ship out to people. So it makes sense
their prices would go up as the gaming
prices go to 80, which uh we'll be
talking about that in a minute. Oh, and
we do have some more Hollow Night Silk
Song news here. this over on IGN where
they say they can reveal the Hollite
Silk Song will be playable in an
Australian museum in September 2025.
What silk song will be playable at the
Melbourne Museum as part of a video game
exhibit called Game Worlds, which will
also include displays that delve into
the game's design and artistic Okay,
hold on a minute. This game needs to be
out by then, right? I mean, come on.
We're not gonna we're gonna go all the
way until September 2025 and like that
that's the first time we're playing. No,
this this game I have to imagine over
the summer at some point. All these
gaming events happening. It's got to
show up. Although we've been saying that
for years now, but come on. This has to
be it, right? I otherwise, hey, look,
there you go. You can travel out to
Australia in September and get first
hands on with it. But hopefully we'll be
playing it by then. And guys, with some
of the quick news out of the way, let's
get into the bigger stuff. Let's start
right away with Microsoft. I mean,
massively raising prices of just out of
nowhere basically for the Xbox brand. I
say the Xbox brand because it's just
about everything that's gotten more
expensive. There is one part that
hasn't, and I'm going to say hasn't yet,
but we'll get to that at the end. First
though, let's take a look at the new
pricing here for their Xbox consoles.
And yeah, you can see right at the
bottom the one that really jumps out
obviously
$730 for the Xbox Series X 2 TBTE Galaxy
Black Special Edition. That is a jump of
$130 where it was $600. Going from there
though, you see the Xbox Series X
digital at 550, that was $450. The Xbox
Series X at 600, that was $500. So, you
can kind of see, I mean, we have
significant jumps in terms of pricing of
$100 or more for these uh these systems
here. The Xbox Series S1 TBTE at $430,
that was $ 350. The Xbox Series S 512 GB
model at
$380. That's a price jump of 80. Now, I
do know we've seen, of course, the
Series S for a while there with
different sales down to like 250 at one
point. Oh, 350 is uh wow. I It's hard to
believe. Four and a half years into the
generation, we're talking about prices
jumping more than $100 for I would say
that the tier of console that many
people would be looking towards with
like the Blu-ray drive and the uh and
the more powerful system with the Xbox
Series X 730 though certainly jumps off
the page with that two ter like I don't
know why you would buy that now. What's
who who doesn't already have an Xbox is
like okay I'm going to get it this this
uh this holiday and okay I guess I'll
get the 730. I just don't I don't think
so. I think at this point that's kind of
the end of most of their SKs in terms of
getting firsttime buyers on board
because the the PS5 has not raised their
price yet to this degree. They have
raised prices. We've they've gone from
400 to 450 as their floor for the the
PS5 that digital model. But they're it's
not like this guys. We're comparing this
two TB Series X to the PS5 Pro and this
2 TB is still more expensive like from
the Xbox series which is okay. Now
looking at the Xbox accessories, those
have also seen price increases with even
like the Xbox stereo headset and the
wireless headset going up in price to
$120 and $65 in the US specifically. But
then all the other accessories also
seeing price jumps with their wireless
controller base is 65 all the way up to
their Xbox wireless controller limited
edition at 90. We also have the Xbox
Elite Wireless Controller Series 2 with
all the attachments up to $200 now for
that package. The games. Okay, this is
the one that really sticks out to me
because let's say you have an Xbox,
you're like, eh, I I don't need to worry
about the consoles, whatever. I'm not
planning to buy another one or anything
like that. The games are also going up
in price, guys. They're up to $80. Okay,
so they say we will adjust the pricing
of some of our new firstp party games
starting the this holiday season to
$79.99. This update will apply to
physical and digital versions. That
said, different games and expansions
will continue to be offered at a variety
of price points. So, this one hit hard
and and it should have. I mean, that is
that is a substantial jump in terms of
pricing across the board. Even the $80
price point for the game, while that is
it's less surprising because Nintendo
has already moved to Mario Kart World's
$80 price tag, and we believe GTA 6
might even test 90. It's possible maybe
100. Although, I'm still kind of
thinking that's going to come in at $80.
And maybe they separate the online to 20
and then that's 100. Another con
conversation for another day. Focusing
in though the $80 not as surprising but
I think more impactful for pretty much
everyone, right? So if you already own
the console, you don't worry about that,
but you worry about the game prices.
Okay? And that's something that wouldn't
go down back down. Let's say if this did
have to do the tariffs, uh, e exchange
rates, whatever, those can fluctuate,
which means yes, hardware prices can
fluctuate. the game price at 80, that's
it. Like, we're not going back. We're
not next generation. We're not going to
launch and be like, "Oh, well, all
right. It's it's back to 70." No, we'd
be talking about going to 90 most likely
the next generation, which looking at
these prices, people are now wondering,
"Okay, it's 2025. We've only gone up in
price since the launch of these consoles
from 2020. Actually, technically, your
systems appreciated at this point.
What's going to happen in 2027, two
years from now, when we're talking about
the next console? Like, what is
Microsoft gonna do there when they have
a $730 console on the market? Is it an
$800 system? It might be, guys, we might
have an $800 launch next generation from
Sony and Microsoft. Because look, if it
was this was an aggressive move for
Microsoft to go up this much uh in
general for pricing in the US, I I'm
wondering what Sony's going to do
because uh well, Microsoft systems come
from China. You see the tariffs on the
on all these China imports to the US.
What exactly is Sony going to do since
all of their PS5s mostly come from
China? That that's what a lot of people
are wondering and that's something I
wouldn't be shocked if they do raise the
price. Their PS5 Pro is 700 now. If that
does go to 800, I mean, people are
throwing around $1,000. I can't rule
that out. And then that uh that's going
to rule out that's going to price out a
lot of people for next generation. And
it does make me very concerned for the
console space because I mean, Sony is
used to selling over 100 million systems
just about every generation. Microsoft
seems less worried about their consoles.
This uh the gaming industry crash has
been discussed quite a bit. I do wonder
if at the end of it all it's ends up
being pricing getting too high for there
to be a reset and we have to go
backwards in terms of graphical fidelity
or just budgets or something. Right?
There's a breaking point somewhere and
we may be approaching that with some of
this pricing. Now Game Pass has been
pointed out as not going up in price.
However, if you are rolling out $80 game
after $80 game after $80 game and they
hit their one per quarter quota like
they've said, Game Pass is going to go
up in price. I would estimate about $25.
So it'll go up five bucks per month.
Okay, which people might look at and
they go, "Oh, yeah, whatever." As long
as they're rolling out the games, sure.
But that also puts out a lot of pressure
on Microsoft to roll out the games.
They've been doing good this year. We've
all seen years where they really
haven't. So that that's kind of where we
are. So I would expect a price increase
for Game Pass most likely after their
June showcase when we see stuff in front
of us for these games coming up. Call of
Duty, maybe a Forts Horizon, Gears Gears
Eday, and so on. Then they push the
price up. But wow, that was uh that that
certainly caught a lot of people off
guard and then it also was a bit of a
reality check for everyone when it comes
to just pricing in general and what to
expect going forward. Next up, let's
talk about Nintendo with the eShop,
which has been rough to say the least on
the Switch. Now, that eShop is slow and
it's not great when it comes to
discoverability because there is just
junk and shovelware everywhere. Like,
it's all over the place. hard to just
kind of navigate and browse and find
something fun to play. Well, it looks
like Nintendo is at least trying
something here when it comes to the
eShop and working on uh just trying to
sort things out a bit better. Not
necessarily on how many units you sell
now. Okay, this we can see posted up.
This is over on VGC says, "Following
Switch's recent software update, that
being the 20.0.0 update, Tenno has
changed the way the sales charts on the
eShop are calculated. Now, instead of
counting the number of games sold over
the past 48 hours and using that to rank
the charts, it instead charts revenue
across the previous 72 hours. Which
means one of the ways that uh some of
these shovelware games, AI created games
and stuff that look real sketchy, the
way that they would kind of game the
system is make it a dollar. They
discount it
95% and because of that, they could sell
a 100 copies. It's like a $100, but they
can sell 100 copies randomly, maybe
more, and all of a sudden jump into the
top sales charts, maybe at like number
18 or 17 or 16, and then it will sort of
snowball from there as people go, "Oh,
why is this in the the top selling
chart?" It's because it's a dollar and
it's going by the number of units sold,
and then it quickly finds its way up to
the top 10 or something. Seen that
multiple times when you look at
specifically download software on the
eShop. In this case, it wouldn't chart
because they would have collected a
hundred bucks and you have a a a game an
indie title even that maybe sells four
copies at 30. There you go. It's
technically above that. Now, my only
issue here is it could actually rule out
indie games that are priced at 15 or 20
bucks in general of Ever Charting unless
they have some crazy generational
Stardew Valley run. All right? because
you're going to have 60 and $70 games on
the market consistently there for the
Switch 2 and it's most likely going to
push down a lot of these smaller indie
games which based on where the market is
now kind of need those games for the
creativity some of the new ideas they
can come up come up with and that
pricing structure. So, I think this is a
good first step for Nintendo because it
shows they're at least paying attention
to the eShop and like, okay, we need to
figure this out going into next
generation, but there's more work to be
done. And I'd like to see them come up
with things like an entire indie corner
maybe or other ways they can sort these
releases so that good indie games can
still find the top of the chart without
having to sell like an exorbitant amount
to overcome games that are triple their
price. Next up, let's talk about Prime
Gaming. It's a list of games that get
added every month. And if you have
Amazon Prime, you can just go in and
claim these titles. Now, most of them
will end up being on the PC, but hey, if
you have a Steam Deck or ROG Ally or
just just a PC that's halfway decent at
this point, you can claim them, and many
of them are on GOG, so they're DRM free.
There are a couple of Xbox games that I
noticed here. But let's go over the
list. This is posted up. This is over on
GameSpot, who has a nice way to kind of
sort this out. I'll leave it linked down
below. Um, but right now available in
May, we have Star Wars Galactic
Battleground Saga. That's through GOG.
Lego Star Wars the complete saga. Sticks
Master of Shadows. We just saw a new
sticks get announced. Hey, you can check
out the the Master of Shadows here to
get started. And we also have The
Invisible Hand available May 8th. We
have Wolfenstein 2, the new Colossus
Digital Deluxe Edition. That is one
through Xbox and PC through the
Microsoft Store. Amnesia Rebirth,
Hypnospace Outlaw, Doors, The Paradox.
May 15th, we have Saints Rogue, Gat Out
of Hell. That's a god god code. Endless
Legend Definitive Edition, Golf with
Your Friends, Legacy of Cain, Blood
Omen, too. That's kind of cool. Mail
Time. May 22nd, we have Fate, Thief 2:
The Metal Age, Everdream Valley,
Chessarama, The Lost Ashford Ring,
Samurai Bringer. May 29th, we have
Trinity Fusion, Master Plan, Tycoon,
Liberte, and then Jennifer Wild Unlikely
Revolutionaries. These again are all
part of Amazon Prime Gaming. And in the
wake of all the price increases and
stuff, I just wanted to let people know
or even remind them that if you have
Amazon Prime now, these games are just
added. You can claim them and play them
outright on places like GOG or even at
times on your Xbox. So there you go. A
fun benefit again if you have Amazon
Prime gaming. Don't necessarily know if
know if I'd recommend Amazon Prime in
general for just these games, but if you
use it for shipping or watching, I guess
any of their streaming shows, you can
also claim a bunch of games. Now, and
then our last bit of news, let's talk
about 8bit do, who had some odd stuff
happen over the course of about 24 hours
on their website, and it does have to do
with tariffs and shipping accessories
and their controllers to the US. In
fact, it seemed like they weren't going
to be shipping anything at all to the US
due to the tariffs, but now they've
they've kind of changed a bit on that.
Okay, we can see this posted up. This is
over on Tom's Hardware saying the
thirdparty gaming controller and
peripherals maker 8bit do is putting a
halt on shipments from its China
warehouse to the US in a notice posted
on its official online store. The
company cited newly introduced US
tariffs as the reason for the change.
Now I went to the website and checked it
was there right so at the top they kind
of explained this then throughout the
day it went away that message and then
another message appeared okay and once
again this was all cataloged here well
by Tom's Hardware saying the notice now
suggests that the company's warehouse in
China will be shut down from the 1st of
May to May 5th 2025 due to Labor Day and
customers can expect shipments to resume
starting May 6th there is no mention of
what will happen after that date or if
the or if the impact of US tariffs will
continue here with this in mind. So that
this is strange because it does kind of
look like originally they had that
message and that still the plan and then
they oh yeah the these warehouses are
shut down for now. We got to put that
message up where the other message was.
So it one it would be a problem if Apo
stops shipping to the US because they
make good overall controllers and
they're great for thirdparty devices in
general. So, if you're setting up an
emulation PC or the 8bit do controllers
work really, really well there, but with
the tariffs in place and a lot of their
stuff, yes, coming out of China,
$145%. I can't imagine that makes a lot
of sense for them to say, "Okay, we now
have to sell this controller for $130
instead of $50." So, I mean, that's just
kind of where we are right now with the
tariffs and at 145%. I mean, that's just
an outlandish amount. So I hard to say
how they overcome that outside of we
have so much stockpiled in the US and
we'll just go through that supply until
maybe things are resolved. That's just
kind of where we are right now. We're
sort of in this limbo period as more and
more news breaks every day that the US
and China are going to be negotiating
and then they're not then they are. So
who knows what tomorrow will bring, but
hopefully this gets worked out because
it seems like we're constantly hearing
currently about things where companies
are just not going to be bringing stuff
to the US. They're halting production.
and they're working through their
stockpile that they've brought in and
then who knows what happens when they
run out. So hopefully that negotiation,
all that stuff gets figured out and we
can go back to uh more normal time. And
before we go to the comments of the day,
we'll take a look at the poll that I
posted up yesterday where I asked, "Do
you currently own an Xbox Series X or S
console?" 42% say yes, 58% say no. So to
me looking at this, Microsoft still
would have a lot of work to do to
continue getting new customers on board
for their ecosystem through way of an
Xbox console, which has pretty much been
the traditional way up until this
generation it feels like with Microsoft
where they're now pushing messages of
like everything's an Xbox basically.
Before you would go through a
generation, you would drop the price of
the system as technology advances.
you're able to do different revisions
most of the time slim down the system,
pull materials out of it while still
being able to keep it within a certain
thermal threshold uh and at that point
have the price go down 30 40 50% at
times and just you know onboard people
throughout the generation and then you
can of course sell software to them.
That doesn't seem to be Microsoft's plan
anymore. And in fact, the raise of the
the pricing across the board with
consoles like like heavily 730, 600,
like like
550, they're they're not really worried
about, I think, selling consoles as much
anymore. I mean, they're also publishing
on PlayStation. They're going to take
full advantage of that Switch, too. Wait
until their June showcase. You're going
to you're going to see some things. So,
in Microsoft's mind, it's like, ah,
whatever. We're not going to deal with
that as much. If people want to buy it
for 7:30, it's there. Otherwise, hey,
we'll we'll we'll at least produce as
many as we actually need. And I don't
know how many they're going to need for
a two terbte Xbox Series S or X at $730.
And we'll finish up with the comment of
the day as you're seeing here. This is
from Jeff Green, who says, "The Wave
Bird situation is a huge advancement. I
need that to happen for Guitar Hero
guitars on PS3. I've got two guitars,
lost the dongles in a move, now I have
games that can't be played." Yeah, that
that was really annoying back then
because I feel like the
360 I know the Wii you would put the Wii
remote in the 360. I feel like the
guitar just would sync up to the 360.
The PS3 though, you needed a dongle and
that was really annoying. It was like
Guitar Hero and Rock Band and you had
them all over the place. You had your
drums, you had the guitar and is a whole
thing, right? Uh but I will say the
Guitar Hero market is absolute insanity
because you have guitars flying all over
the place on eBay. Most of them don't
work fully and you have to have like
repairs done to them and it's all
because there's really no good new
alternative. Of course, we've seen what
like Hyperkin tried to do stuff with
this and I'm sure they're going to be
more and more that come back to it
because it seems like there's been
discussions around it, but seeing the
lengths people have to go to just to be
able to make those games work anymore,
it does make me wish that Microsoft
would go back to it since they they own
Activision Blizzard now and make not
only a new Guitar Hero game, but also
guitars or instruments that would work
with the new game and then all the
legacy ones as well. I just think that'd
be awesome as an option because yeah, we
kind of need that Wave Bird style uh
receiver setup for Guitar Hero guitars.
But again, it's pretty niche. But still,
maybe just fans in general will get
together like they did here with the
Wave Bird and figure it out. And ladies
and gentlemen, that's going to do it
here for Newswe. If you enjoyed this
video, guys, hit that like button. If
not, hit the dislike. Leave comments
down below about everything we talked
about here today. If you missed
yesterday's Newsweek, I'll leave it up
here in a card. Or maybe you'll hear
more of my thoughts around Microsoft
jumping their prices so aggressively
over pretty much all of Xbox. I'll have
a video with that linked down below it.
Thanks guys for watching. Have a great
weekend. I'll see you back here Monday
morning, 8 a.m.