All right, guys. We got to go ahead and
talk about Nintendo Switch 2. We have a
bunch of news today, including some
updates on the sales, especially coming
out of Japan, and also the popularity of
either the Japanese exclusive version,
which is a region locked console, or
their region free version. What's the
difference in demand? What is going on?
Remember, there's a massive price
difference, and I imagine we're going to
find out uh why that price difference
exists uh soon enough. Uh also, we have
to dive into some new information on
Donkey Kong Bonanza. We got some brand
new information on that that's actually
pretty exciting. Uh we have more
information on another game coming to
Switch 2 and actually a full list of the
currently confirmed games coming to
Nintendo Switch 2 and the exclusives,
launch day, all that stuff. We're going
to look at that as well. Uh, I am really
excited for what we have going on today.
I'm also excited to announce we have a
brand new giveaway going on right now
for two Nintendo Switch 2 Mario Kart
bundles. This giveaway has launched
literally right now at, you know, the
behest of this video. So, you can go
ahead and enter for that down in the
link in the pin comment or in the
description. The winner for that will be
drawn the week before Nintendo Switch 2
comes out. Well, the two winners will be
drawn. That does mean our prior Nintendo
Switch 2 giveaway has come to an end. I
have already sent an email out to the
winner as soon as I hear back from them
and confirm some details. We will put a
community post up hopefully by the end
of today. You know, I am waiting for an
email response. Uh and if they don't end
up responding, obviously we'll
eventually draw a new winner until we
finally do get someone who responds and
we get all that information up. So, I
just want to say thank you to everyone
who entered our prior giveaway. We had
over 11,000 individual people enter that
giveaway. That's utterly amazing. And
now we're giving away two. And these are
the Mario Kart bundle editions. So, I
wish you guys luck on that giveaway.
Remember, we actually have one more
system we'll be giving away as well in a
live stream. But that's going to be
happening way later in May. We're not
even to May yet. So, we'll talk about
that as we start to conclude this
giveaway towards the end of May. That
being said,
folks, let's get into this. So, as we
dive in here, we got this article over
at Go Nintendo. because Japanese
retailers see a massive Switch to stock
a allotments, but demand still far
outpaces supply. So basically, they're
getting a ton of Switch twos, but
unfortunately they still can't keep up.
So let's go down here. So what we have
learned about the Switch 2 so far? Well,
in terms of sales, it seems that Switch
2 is going to be a ginormous hit right
out the gate. The system saw its
pre-order sellout pretty much instantly
around the world, meaning Switch 2 will
be extremely hard to come by at launch
for those who didn't get one on early
purchase. Apparently, the situation
might be even worse in Japan. Antidotal
evidence points to retailers in Japan
getting huge switch to aotments for
launch with one Yokado store getting 320
units for launch and another store
getting 125 units. That might seem like
a sizable batch of Switch 2 units and
especially if you consider pre-orders
here uh in the United States, right? We
had some GameStops have like 150 in
person. Uh we didn't have any go over
300. So there's a lot here. Uh but
pre-order lotteryies show those numbers
don't even come close to satiating
demand. The Yakakota store may be
getting 320 Switch 2 units, but their
pre-order lottery tells another story.
One pre-order hopeful noted their ticket
clocked in at
6,000, meaning that demand is at least
18 times higher than supply at that one
individual store. Again, that's just
based on one pre-order lottery ticket
number, but there's no word on just how
high lottery participants ended up
climbing. The situation is on a smaller
scale with the second store where we
mentioned, but it still points to major
supply issues. Well, the store is
getting 125 launch units for Switch to.
We know that at least 900 people have
signed up for the pre-order lottery. In
other words, there is going to be a lot
of disappointed fans coming June 5th,
2025. And man, that is insane. 18 times.
Holy crap, the demand for Switch 2 is
just palpable when it comes to Japan.
And look, this just adds into the total
uh number of expected orders for Switch
to day one. That's expected. Nintendo's
about to break every single pre-order
record. As we get down here, analysts
predict the unprecedented 5 million
Switch 2 units will be globally sold. We
talked about this before. When we go
down here, it says analysts continue to
take a stab at Switch to pre-order
figures and overall sales. We now have a
comment from Pelam Smiths of equity
research firm Pelam Smith's Associates
in an article from the Japan Times.
Smither says, "As Japan accounts for a
third of the global Switch stall base
and implies 6.6 6 million pre-orders.
And now, obviously, that is based on uh
Nintendo's own numbers from people that
want it uh there. But here's the thing.
We don't know uh what the final sales
are going to be day one. Obviously, only
Nintendo knows how many units are
making, and they're seemingly selling
every single unit they can make. I do
know pre-orders are still readily
available in some countries, but I can
start to see like if those countries
pre-orders don't pick up, some of those
units might get reallocated to the US or
Japan. That does happen. and move units
around to where demand exists the most.
That being said, we're not done talking
about Japanese pre-orders because
remember how I said we got to get into
like, hey, what's the demand for the
different console units? Well, we have
an idea now thanks to this article over
on Video Game Chronicle says less than
3% of Japanese players trying to get a
pre-order for Switch 2 want the region
free version a survey suggests. Now, one
thing to remember about surveys is
they're always like a very small amount
of people compared to the total amount
of people trying to buy. So surveys,
like all statistics, can be manipulated
a bit to to say what you want them to
say. But as we go down here, Nintendo is
selling a cheaper region live Switch 2
model in Japan. So it says earlier this
month, Nintendo announced a Japanese
domestic only version of Switch 2 will
be the only version available to
purchase from general retailers in
Japan. That's like the big thing here is
while they are selling the region free
version, you actually have to get that
directly from Nintendo. So, if you're
going to buy at retail, you can only get
the Japanese exclusive one, which again
could end up skewing some of the results
when that's exactly what you plan to buy
cuz it's like the only thing truly
available. Uh, anyways, the domestic
only console will retail for a cheaper
uh price, which is
49,980 or 334 USD, and will only have
Japanese as the conso's language
setting. And the only Nintendo account
that will be linked will be one created
with the country and region setting to
Japan. Players who want a region free
model will have to try the Japanese my
Nintendo store where a more expensive
Switch 2 model with multilingual support
can be found priced at
69,980 yen or roughly
$467 US. Ex-user Yakuna Sam14 surveyed
nearly 60,000 players who had entered
the Nintendo lottery to pre-order Switch
2 console from its uh official My
Nintendo store as spotted by Automation.
And 69.7% of those surveyed said they
applied for the region locked Switch 2
bundle with Mario Kart World, while a
further 27.5% said they applied for the
region locked Switch 2 console on its
own. This left just 2.9% of respondents
who said they applied for the more
expensive region free multilingual
version exclusive to the My Nintendo
store. While the cheaper region lot
model is clearly more popular in Japan
according to these findings, there's a
silver lining for those looking for
region free version and that there's a
chance of being chosen for the Nintendo
Switch 2 pre-order lottery was much
higher due to lesser demand. According
to the survey, 69.7% of people who
applied to pre-order a region lot Switch
2 in Mario Kart World, only 24.3% were
successfully chosen in that lottery. Of
the 27.5% who applied for the pre-order
for the region locked console on its
own, only
17.6% were successful. However, of the
2.9% who applied for the pre-order of
the more expensive region free model, a
vast majority of them, 91.2% of those
surveyed were successful and were able
to pre-order their chosen console. So
basically, if you were trying to get one
in Japan at the My Nintendo store, you
really wanted to go for the region free
version. Otherwise, it was going to be
very hard to get. But obviously, people
want to save money. Why would you get
the significantly cheaper model, all
that? So, as we scroll down here, we can
see the results of these polls here uh
in Japanese at the Yukunisan uh thing
here. Nintendo told it Japanese players
earlier this week that a significant
number of them would be unsuccessful in
their lottery applications because the
number of people who had applied had far
exceeded its expectations. According to
Nintendo, 2.2 million people in Japan
entered the lottery to pre-order the
console. This is for the My Nintendo
store. uh and they called it
astonishing. To spare those who are not
selected in the first lottery sale, the
trouble of reapplying the My Nintendo
store will automatically carry over
selected applicants from the first
lottery to the second lottery. However,
the number of available units in the
second lottery sale, we will not be able
to fulfill all applications we have
received. So, again, things are going
absolutely insane in Japan. Uh these are
obviously going to be record-breaking
numbers. And we're not done talking
about Nintendo of Japan because Nintendo
did this really cool thing and they're
claiming this cool thing is going to be
available in English. However, it's not
available just yet. And that is they
released a Nintendo magazine 2025
special issue. I feel like they were
only handing this out in Japan. I don't
know because I haven't seen anybody at
the Switch 2 experiences here have it.
But I want to go look at this news
article. It comes right off of the
Nintendo Japan website. So, we're using
Google Translate. This is the digital
version of the Nintendo magazine 2025
special issue featuring the Nintendo
Switch 2 has been released. The printed
version will also be shipped to TV game
stores nationwide from around May 9th.
Now, again, this is just in Japan. Um,
and you can see it's got some really
cool facts and interesting stuff in
there. Uh, we actually learned something
from this magazine. We're going to get
to in a moment. It says, "Nintendo
magazine has been delivered information
on a variety of software from the latest
titles to classic titles for Nintendo
Switch. This time to commemorate the
release of Switch 2. We'll be publishing
the Nintendo Magazine 2025 special issue
um ahead of the print version. the
digital version was released, which yes,
you can go check out the digital version
if you want. Again, it's all in
Japanese, so it's very hard to
understand for me, but uh it says the
special issue is a comprehensive feature
that introduces the features of Switch
2, newly added functions, and a lineup
of new software, bringing together
recommended content for those
considering purchasing a Switch 2. Makes
a lot of sense in Japan, especially with
how popular things are. Um, and it says
the booklet version, which is the
physical version, will be shipped uh
sequentially from around May 9th. It has
about 80 pages of information and each
page features links to official websites
and videos obviously in the digital
version. The print version, which is
free, will begin shipping around May 9th
after Golden Week holidays. Uh it is
expected to be in video game stores
worldwide. And as I said, uh there is
some stuff uh announced by Nintendo that
this is supposed to be available in
English. I don't know if a physical
version will be, the digital version is
supposed to be, but it's not actually
available in English yet. Despite this,
of course, it is available for free in
uh Japanese. And because of that, people
who know Japanese and know English can
actually glean some details from it that
we didn't know before. And that of
course includes brand new details for
Donkey Kong Bonanza. So coming from that
magazine, we learned some really cool
stuff. So let's go to this PC guide.
Yes, this is the website of all websites
that posted about it. Says Donkey Kong
Banza confirmed to take full advantage
of Nintendo Switch 2's improved
resolution. All right, so we go down
here. versus Donkey Kong ban will be
among the Switch 2 games releasing
within the handhelds launch window which
usually is about 90 days for Nintendo.
Uh sometimes they go 9 months. Reggie
made it 9 months. So I guess we could
say maybe 9 months. Uh we didn't have
any clues about which Switch games to
take advantage of the handhelds
specifications. More specifically the
large 7.9 in LCD screens maximum 1080p
resolution and HDR support. Nintendo
Japan recently released a digital
version of the Nintendo magazine 2025
special issue. And while most of the
information focuses on the new system
and isn't exactly new, on page 12, the
company used Donkey Kong Bonanza to
showcase the conso's advancements. It
didn't take long to spot a small piece
of text under the image confirming the
title will run at up to 1080p resolution
60fps with HDR in handheld mode. Uh,
that's awesome. It is not common for
launch titles to take full advantage of
a new console. So, this is definitely
impressive. Still, we've yet to see how
the 1080p 60 fps performance holds up in
actual test. It's also worth noting the
Switch 2 offers up to 120 hertz more
than the Steam Deck, so there's still
some headroom to target. That said,
Donkey Kong Bonanza is set to arrive in
July 17th and will be priced at $69.99
US. Uh whereas the Nintendo Switch 2
console itself launches on June 5th. And
this is uh the image they're talking
about. Pretty awesome, by the way, uh
that this is in here. So, here's what it
says. Get ready for Donkey Kong Bananza,
a brand new 3D platforming action
adventure available exclusively on
Switch 2. Crash, bash, and climb through
nearly everything in DK's path and tear
off chunks of terrain to swing around
and throw in groundbreaking exploration.
Uh, the more that is demolished with
powerful punches, the more areas open up
to discover. Break on through this
adventure of full mayhem and surprises
and bananas with Donkey Kong Bonanza
crashes. I switched to July 17th. So
again, just some great news for Donkey
Kong Bonanza. Obviously whether it runs
at a consistent 60 fps and it stays at
1080p and there isn't some uh multiple
resolutions shing going on in handheld
we don't know. The game was not
available by the way in handheld at the
Switch to demo events the Switch to
experiences. So nobody there got to play
it in that in that way. So this is new
information uh that we'll have to wait
and see if it gets confirmed. But not
everything is all sunshine and roses
with Switch 2. We talked about uh some
of the weird things happening with
Switch Shu, whether it's game key cards
or uh whether it's Welcome Tour being a
$10 standalone thing on the eShop when
it probably should have just been packed
in or at least a free download on the
eShop. Well, there's still some more
weirdness going on. And again, it's with
third party games. Uh we got to go to
Limited Run this time. And I This is
what I don't get is it's Limited Run,
who's known for making physical copies
of games and special collector's
editions.
Man, they're doing the Switch 2 a little
dirty. Uh, limited runs Atlas Switch 2
collector's edition is a game key card
release. It's
$250. I want I want to look at Look,
we'll see what's included, but it's
$250, but they're not putting it on a
full physical cart. And that's literally
like Limited Run's entire stick is like
putting things on physical carts. Uh,
okay. So, come down here. says, "As we
discovered in recent weeks, multiple
third party Switch 2 games will be sold
as game key cards. Nintendo explains on
its own website how the cards are
different from reg regular physical
cards and don't contain the full game
and act as a key. While many collectors
were hoping dedicated physical
distributors might step in and save the
day, this doesn't appear to be the case
for the upcoming Atlas release. That's
what we're talking about. Limited Run is
like a dedicated physical game release
partner, and even Limited Run won't use
physical cartridges. What is going on? I
I limited run. You have one job. Take a
digital game, put it on a physical
cartridge. You have one job.
I And you're charging 250 for this. All
right, let's get into this. Um, Limited
Runs Games has just announced it's
helping Atlas and Sega distribute a
collector's edition, which by the way, I
don't know why Atlas and Sega need help,
but whatever, of Rayu Remastered, the
mystery of the Soulless Army. And
according to a notice on its website,
the Switch 2 collector's edition of this
title includes a game key card.
Unsurprisingly, this hasn't gone well
online, and it's $250 for this
collector's edition, and it comes
packaged with everything but a proper
physical copy of the game. This
announcement follows Atlas last week
confirming the standard physical copy of
Radio Remastered for Switch 2 would be a
game key card release. So, they're
basically just reusing the standard
version when Limited Run's entire point
of existence is to give you the
physical. Um, and yeah, so here's what
you get with it, right? You get uh the
certification of authenticity. You get
this little statue. You get this little
5-in plush, the enamel pin, and the
special soundtrack. And then you get the
game, but you're getting a game key card
game. A game key card game. Notice for
the Switch version, the Switch version,
you get the actual physical copy.
Limited Run notes on the Rad Remaster
Collection edition that it's not part of
the Limited Run games collection and is
not a numbered release, which means the
distributor could take a different
approach to other releases in the future
depending on the partners it's working
with. Again, this to me I don't like
because Limited Run's entire point of
existence is to put things on physical.
Um, making this collector's edition and
then just reusing something that's
already exist uh that isn't a full
physical. Look, this is not good to me.
This also, no matter how much we want to
put blame at Nintendo's feet for maybe
some of this and maybe having cart size
issues and stuff, I'm sorry. Uh, limited
run, don't even bother to put this on
Switch to them. What are you doing? What
are you
doing? Options are fine, but your one
job is full
physical for 250.
Anyways, uh let's get back into a bit
more idea about how well Nintendo Switch
2 could be selling in the US since we're
seeing sellouts here as well, not just
in Japan. Uh and we look here to this
tweet by Necroalipe. I translated here,
it looks like it comes from Fammy
Boards, probably behind some hidden
posts there. So, it says, "As of March
2025, more than 1.2 million Nintendo
Switch 2 units uh combining console and
bundle have been shipped to the United
States, remembering that not everything
stays there. Canada, Mexico, Brazil, and
Latin countries receive the USA. But
pretty much all those units will be
sold. I I predicted there would be about
2 million units, maybe maybe three. It
kind of depends, but that's as of March.
Remember, they still have obviously this
month uh and May to get units shipped
for launch as well. Uh so again, I'm I'm
projecting it's going to be about two to
two and a half million here uh in the
North American region. So we'll see what
happens. But a lot of those sales are
going to be in the US. So, yeah, it's
it's selling extremely well. And next
up, we're going to look at this really
cool chart put together by a fan. I'll
link to their X account. Uh they sent
this chart or link me this chart on uh X
and it goes over all the games that are
currently confirmed as coming to
Nintendo Switch 2, the price points, the
sizes, the release time. We'll put a
link to this down in the description if
you want to go through it all. We'll
just kind of take a quick glance at it.
And you can see all the confirmed games
here and their sizes. We got 62 GB game
here, Madden 26. Uh, we don't know the
limited time bonus version yet. Uh, you
can see, you know, digital game key
card. So, we have all this information.
Some of it's obviously questionable that
we don't know. Like, Hogwarts Legacy is
kind of weird. Comes out June 5th. We
don't know what the game file size is.
We don't know the price and we don't
even know if there is a physical version
or if it's digital only. It'll obviously
be digital, but is it digital only? But,
it's a launch game. Kind of weird. We
don't know that information yet. Hollow
Night Silk Song, right? Just a general
2025. And it also lets you know if
there's upgrades. A couple other things
it lets you know here. Uh if we scroll
all the way up, it lets you know the
publisher, the developer, DLC, price,
DLC, yada yada. So, a lot of really,
really good information. Uh in here, you
can see special editions, which are big
box full stuff. Uh these, you know,
obviously your limited edition of Damon
X Machina, Ride Remastered, uh Story of
Seasons, uh and then your first party
Nintendo Switch One games that are
getting free upgrades. Uh and then the
Switch 2 exclusives. So you see
obviously here's just plain old
exclusives. Donkey Khan Bonadanza,
Dragon Drive, Fast Fusion, Hy Warriors
Age of Imprisonment, Kirby Air Riders,
Mario Kart World, Instead of Switch 2,
Welcome Tour, and Dust Blood. So it's
nine exclusive games known for Switch 2
so far. And then you have some time
exclusives. Uh these are obviously
console timed exclusives. I want to be
clear. Hades 2 and then Yakuza Zero
Director's Cut, which Yakuza Zero is
like already on like all the platforms,
but this particular version is
technically a timed exclusive. Uh so
there you go. I don't know when it's
going to go elsewhere. If it needs to go
elsewhere, who the heck knows? But yeah,
so kind of cool. I'll put a link on that
if you guys want to go look at it. I
find it to probably be pretty useful for
a lot of you folks. And I think that's
going to wrap it up for this video.
Anyways, if we get any more breaking
news stuff today, we'll either get
another video out or we'll uh save it
for tomorrow. But I do want to thank you
guys for tuning in. It's been a fun
journey here. We're almost we're almost
to May. We got one more day left, guys.
One more day. Uh and that day uh that we
have left in April is tomorrow where we
have the N 10 bite podcast. Tonight
we'll have a live stream as usual.
Otherwise folks, thank you so much for
tuning in. I am Nathaniel Revelance and
I'll catch you guys in the next video.
[Music]