Mario Kart is more successful than it has 
any right to be. More successful than regular  
Mario games, in fact. On the Switch, Super 
Mario Odyssey has sold 29 million copies,  
but Mario Kart 8 has sold 67 million. And 
it’s the same on almost every Nintendo  
console. Mario Kart games nearly always sell 
far more copies than actual Mario platformers.  
So then, what’s the secret to Mario 
Kart’s huge, huge success? Well,  
today I want to travel back to the beginning 
of the series and work our way forward. We’re  
going to look at how every single Mario Kart game 
was created, to understand how these kart racing  
titles became so darn successful. Here’s how 
Mario Kart became Nintendo’s biggest franchise.
Part 1: Super Mario Kart
There’s three people who are really important 
to know about when you talk about Mario Kart’s  
history. The first is Shigeru Miyamoto, the man 
who created Mario and Zelda. And around 1990,  
he made a request to two other people within 
Nintendo: Hideko Konno and Tadashi Sugiyama.  
Both Konno and Sugiyama were game designers at 
the company who’d worked there for about 5 or  
6 years at the time. And Shigeru Miyamoto came 
to the duo with a suggestion: what if they made  
a 2 player racing game, similar to F-Zero? 
F-Zero was Nintendo’s first big racing game,  
and it was all about speed, about 
going as fast as you possibly could.  
It was also a single player game, and 
so if Hideki Konno and Tadashi Sugiyama  
were going to make a 2 player version of 
it, they’d have to make some big changes.
Here’s a map of one of F-Zero’s race courses. 
And now, I’m going to lay a map of a Mario Kart  
race course on top of it. Just look at the massive 
difference in size here! That size difference is  
because of technical limitations. F-Zero pulls 
off its huge courses by switching between lots  
of smaller pieces of track as you drive. But 
because Mario Kart would have to render two  
different points of view, one for each player, it 
couldn’t switch between maps on the fly. Instead,  
the game’s designers had to cram-in an entire 
racecourse into a 1024 by 1024 pixel box. So,  
because courses would be smaller, Konno and 
Sugiyama slowed down the speed of the vehicles,  
in the process changing them from race cars to 
go-karts. And because each of the game’s courses  
were laid out on the same exact square, the 
racetracks would twist and turn around themselves,  
again, making them feel less like racing 
courses and more like go-kart tracks.  
And so it was decided: Konno and Sugiyama’s 
racing game would be a go-kart racing game.
Not long after that, Hideki Konno asked the 
game’s producer Shigeru Miyamoto to let the  
whole team spend a day at a local amusement park 
to try driving real go-karts. Miyamoto replied,  
“Why? Can’t you tell what they’re like without 
driving them?” But he eventually gave in,  
and the game’s development team got to spend 
the day at a local park called "Nemu no Sato"  
where they tried driving real go-karts. 
While they were there, the game’s sound  
designer Taro Bando even recorded the sounds of 
the karts, which you can hear in the final game.
After returning to HQ, some members of 
the game’s development team also tried  
building a big remote controlled go-kart, 
which they drove around Nintendo’s offices!  
Unfortunately, when they passed the remote 
control to Mario Kart’s main programmer,  
Masato Kimura, he crashed the go-kart 
into a wall 5 seconds after trying it,  
and the kart was, in the words 
of Hideki Konno, “pulverised”.
Now, for the first 3 to 4 months of development, 
the characters driving the go-karts were  
completely generic. “Early on, we had young men 
in overalls driving the karts,” said Konno. “We  
put helmets on them and used different colours 
to differentiate between them.” added Tadashi  
Sugiyama. “But looking from behind, we couldn’t 
tell who was who.” The pair began to wonder,  
what if there was a character who was recognisable 
even from behind? They landed on Mario.
So, after about a year of development, and 
with only 8 staff members, Super Mario Kart  
was finally complete. The game proved to be wildly 
successful, selling almost 9 million copies and  
becoming the 4th best selling game on the SNES. 
But Super Mario Kart was just the beginning.
Part 2: Mario Kart 64
With Super Mario Kart a big success, and with 
Nintendo working on their next big console,  
the Nintendo 64, it only made sense to start 
work on a new Mario Kart game. This new game’s  
development team was largely the same as before, 
with Shigeru Miyamoto producing and Hideki Konno  
directing. Tadashi Sugiyama also worked on the 
game, but this time focusing on the graphics.  
The initial plan was for this new Mario Kart 
game to launch alongside the Nintendo 64,  
just like Super Mario 64, but near the end 
of development, Shigeru Miyamoto stole a  
bunch of the developers from the Mario Kart 
team to help him get Mario 64 done on time!
Now, the Nintendo 64’s biggest strength as a 
console was 3D gaming. The SNES wasn’t designed  
with 3D graphics in mind, so the original 
Super Mario Kart used tricks to simulate 3D  
visuals. But the Nintendo 64 was different. It 
was designed squarely with 3D graphics in mind,  
which meant that this new Mario Kart would 
have a whole new dimension to play with.  
But that also caused a whole new dimension 
of difficulty for the development staff.  
“The biggest difference from the SNES game 
was the 3D graphics” said Hideki Konno. “At  
the time, I didn’t know much about 3D 
imaging, so I had a very hard time.”
But to make matters even harder, producer 
Shigeru Miyamoto gave the developers a  
really difficult goal: 4 player races. 
Shigeru Miyamoto said in an interview:  
“The N64 CPU is quite fast, and doing 
those kinds of calculations is one of  
its specialties, but even so, at first the 
programmers said “this is impossible.””
And to pull off these 4 player races, the 
development staff had to make use of some  
really clever tricks, the biggest of all being the 
fact that none of the karts or drivers in the game  
are really 3D at all. Instead, the characters 
were modelled in 3D, and then rendered into  
flat images at a bunch of different angles. 
Then, in the game, you display one of these  
flat images on screen, and the character looks 
like they’re 3D. If the character turns left,  
you just switch out the image on screen with the 
image you have of them facing left. This technique  
is called billboarding, and without it, Mario Kart 
64 could never have supported 4 player races - the  
Nintendo 64 just couldn’t have displayed that 
many complicated 3D characters on screen at once.
Really, Mario Kart 64 isn’t a dramatically 
different game from its predecessor. Which  
is something the team worried about. “We really 
did struggle to find ways to differentiate this  
game from Super Mario Kart,” said Tadashi 
Sugiyama. The biggest difference this time  
round was the 3D courses. In the original Super 
Mario Kart, the courses were just flat images,  
tilted at an angle to give the illusion of 
3D. The game’s lead programmer Masato Kimura  
described it as “like everyone is racing on 
a flat sheet of paper.” But with this game,  
Nintendo’s designers were able to create fully 
3D courses with troughs and valleys and hills  
for the player to ride around. This created 
much more difficult physics calculations for  
the programmers, but as a matter of pride, they 
refused to deny any requests from the designers  
when it came to complicated course layouts. 
These intricate race tracks were one of the  
key ways the game’s developers hoped Mario 
Kart 64 would stand out from its predecessor.
Near the end of development though, a disaster 
happened: the computer which stored all of the  
rendered images of the characters crashed! 
And according to programmer Tomoaki Kurome,  
“All our work got erased. Of course we 
had back-ups, but not everything could be  
recovered. We had no choice but to remake 
everything from scratch. So in the end,  
about 80% of the character models ended up 
getting made twice. But I think the remakes  
turned out better than the originals, so 
I guess it was a blessing in disguise!”
So, despite this setback, and despite 
Shigeru Miyamoto “borrowing” a lot of  
the game’s developers so he could 
get Mario 64 done on schedule,  
Mario Kart 64 was finished only 6 months 
after the Nintendo 64 came out, and just  
like Super Mario Kart, it ended up becoming 
one of the best selling games on the console,  
second to only Super Mario 64! Which finally 
settled it: Super Mario Kart no fluke,  
Mario Kart as a series was wildly popular with 
fans. Which meant, it was only onwards from here…
Part 3: Mario Kart: Super Circuit
5 years passed. That’s right, despite Mario Kart 
64’s huge success, Nintendo didn’t release another  
Mario Kart game for 5 years. But then in 2001, 
Nintendo launched two brand new game consoles:  
the Game Boy Advance, and the GameCube. And 
so, Nintendo took on the ambitious challenge  
of developing a new Mario Kart game for 
each console. Nintendo’s own developers  
began work on what would later become 
Mario Kart: Double Dash for the GameCube,  
and for the other Mario Kart game, Nintendo 
decided to have an outside studio take on  
development. They picked Intelligent Systems, the 
developer behind Fire Emblem, WarioWare and Paper  
Mario. Nintendo had been closely working 
with Intelligent Systems for many years:  
at the time, Intelligent Systems’ offices were 
even located inside Nintendo’s headquarters!
Now, the Game Boy Advance was not a console 
designed for 3D gaming. When they announced  
the console, Nintendo even said right off the bat 
that the GBA was designed with 2D games in mind.  
In its later years, some third party developers 
DID manage to get 3D graphics up and running, but  
complex 3D graphics were practically impossible on 
the GBA at the time of Mario Kart: Super Circuit’s  
development. Instead, Intelligent Systems went 
with a pseudo 3D approach similar to the original  
Mario Kart. That meant flat, 2D courses tilted 
at an angle. In fact, Super Circuit’s pseudo 3D  
engine had so much in common with the original 
Super Mario Kart’s that Intelligent Systems  
decided to include every racetrack from 
the original game as a bonus for players!
And when the game was released alongside the 
Game Boy Advance, it proved an immediate hit,  
with sales eventually reaching almost 6 million 
units, making it the 4th best selling game on  
the GBA, beating any other Mario game! 
But as Super Circuit was taking shape,  
a team inside Nintendo was beginning work on an 
even bigger and more ambitious Mario Kart game.
Part 4: Mario Kart: Double Dash!!
Now, the Game Boy Advance was not the 
only console Nintendo was developing in  
2001 - they had a brand new home console 
in the works too. It was to be far more  
powerful than Nintendo’s last console, 
and it would be called …the GameCube.
During E3 2001, Nintendo showed off a Mario Kart 
demo to the public. However, it was extremely  
barebones and featured assets taken from other 
games. Behind the scenes, development had only  
just begun. And since the regular director, Hideki 
Konno, was busy at the time, a new director was  
brought in called Kiyoshi Mizuki. Now, Kiyoshi 
Mizuki had never worked on a Mario Kart game  
before, but he got stuck right in with perhaps 
the biggest game in the Mario Kart series so far!  
You see, thanks to the GameCube’s processing 
power, Nintendo was able to finally implement  
fully 3D characters and karts, rather than the 
various pseudo-3D techniques that previous games  
had used. But the hardest problem for the game’s 
director had nothing to do with the graphics - it  
was deciding on what unique new gameplay idea 
the game should feature. They needed to please  
hardcore Mario Kart fans while also attracting 
brand new players. Mizuki joked in an interview  
that he would often stay for an hour or so in 
the bathroom stressing about these new gameplay  
features, and said that “it was a very difficult 
task”. Eventually, the idea was suggested of  
two players riding in a single go-kart. And 
right away, this fulfilled a lot of Mizuki’s  
requirements. It would transform the game into 
more of a party game, letting players of all skill  
levels take part. If someone wasn’t super great 
at controlling the kart, then they could focus on  
hitting other players with items instead! But not 
everyone on the team liked these two player karts.  
There were many “heated discussions”, 
as Kiyoshi Mizuki put it, and it wasn’t  
clear up until the last minute whether these two 
player karts would even make it into the game!
Another point that came up during development was 
multiplayer. By Double Dash’s release in 2003,  
the internet was becoming more and more 
mainstream. In interviews with press leading  
up the game’s release, Nintendo staff were asked 
many times about whether Double Dash would allow  
players to compete against other players via the 
internet. The answer was no. Tadashi Sugiyama,  
who by this point was working as a producer, 
said: “one of the most asked questions is about  
the online feature. That kind of online 
feature was not included in this game,  
but may be something that we may 
tackle in future Mario Kart games.”
The omission was more of a technical 
limitation than a conscious gameplay  
decision. According to Shinya Takashi, who 
now leads all of Nintendo’s game development,  
the Double Dash team didn’t believe that 
internet infrastructure of the time could  
support the game’s high speed races or 
battles. He promised that in future,  
if internet speeds improved, they would 
revisit the idea of online Mario Kart.
Instead, the development team introduced an 
alternative - LAN connection. By connecting  
multiple GameCubes together with LAN adaptors, 
up to 8 players could compete in races,  
and 16 players in battle mode. It’s a pretty 
neat way to race against large numbers of people,  
but whether it fills the gap of online 
racing? I’ll leave that up to you to decide.
And so, in late 2003, Mario Kart: Double Dash!! 
was released for the Nintendo GameCube. It was,  
at the time, the most unique Mario Kart game 
Nintendo had developed. It probably still is,  
in fact. Tadashi Sugiyama said in an interview, 
“We have been able to put everything we wanted  
into the game. We left some things out 
when we finished Mario Kart for the N64,  
but all these features are now included 
in Double Dash.” But there was one major  
omission that came up time and time again 
in interviews - online racing. So, for the  
next Mario Kart entry, this would be something 
that Nintendo’s developers would face head on.
Part 5: Mario Kart DS
Series co-creator Hideki Konno had been 
preoccupied during Double Dash’s development,  
and so had little impact on the title. 
But with Nintendo’s next handheld console,  
the DS, in the works, it was time for a 
new Mario Kart game to enter development.  
And around this time, Hideki Konno returned 
to the reins as producer - of two games.
You see, Shigeru Miyamoto personally asked Konno 
to oversee both Mario Kart DS and also Nintendogs,  
with the two titles in development at the same 
time. Konno said in an interview, “I would say  
to myself, "Okay, today is a Mario Kart DS day and 
tomorrow is a Nintendogs day." But sometimes the  
director of Mario Kart DS would want to meet on a 
Nintendogs day. I’d have him wait until evening,  
and then, after I’d driven all the dogs 
out of my head, we’d sit down and talk”.
One of the main goals the team had this time round 
was playing with friends. Using the DS’s wireless  
local connection feature, up to 8 people could 
race against each other. Plus, thanks to Download  
Play, only a single cartridge was needed 
for the whole group to join. Pretty neat!
But, right near the end of the game’s 
development, Konno and his team decided  
to set themselves a huge challenge: they 
wanted to add online racing, which had been  
left out of Double Dash before. Hideki Konno, 
along with company president Satoru Iwata,  
travelled to the US headquarters of Nintendo of 
America to see what the American staff thought  
of the idea. “The response was so great that we 
soon began working on it in earnest”, said Konno.
It was all very last minute, with the team 
having to pare the online mode down to its  
most basic set of features. Only four racers, no 
leaderboards, no sharing ghost data online. But,  
crucially, the team managed to get the online 
mode working for the game’s late 2005 release  
date. This was the first online mode in a 
DS game, let alone the Mario Kart series,  
and so all of the team should’ve been very 
happy with how things turned out. Except,  
one person wasn’t. President Iwata reminisced 
to Hideki Konno, “Konno-san, I remember how  
frustrated you looked. At a meeting, you had this 
completely unsatisfied look on your face”. Having  
to cut all of those additional online features 
was extremely frustrating for Konno. He made up  
his mind that for their next Mario Kart game, all 
of his online mode dreams would become reality.
Part 6: Mario Kart Wii
Development on a new Mario Kart title for 
Nintendo’s upcoming Wii console began in  
2006. And while previous titles had differentiated 
themselves with unique game mechanics, like Double  
Dash’s dual rider system for instance, producer 
Hideki Konno had a new trick up his sleeve this  
time round. He wanted to use the Nintendo Wii’s 
motion controls to make this game approachable  
to those who’d never played a video game 
in their life. He said in an interview,  
“When we made Mario Kart DS, my parents tried 
to play it together with their grandchild,  
but it was difficult for them to use the 
Control Pad. They were saying, "This is hard!"”
So for Mario Kart Wii, Konno wanted to remove 
the need to use D-pads or analogue sticks in  
favour of something that felt natural to 
almost anyone - using a steering wheel.
So, in late 2006 Konno reached out to 
Nintendo’s hardware development team  
with the suggestion of creating some 
kind of steering wheel peripheral for  
the Wii Remote. Miyamoto was 
also on board with the idea,  
saying “I kind of wanted to make a product 
that would come in a big box for a change!”
The hardware team developed numerous 
prototypes throughout 2007. This is one  
of the earliest Wii Wheel prototypes, where 
the corners of the Wii Remote actually stick  
out a little. In later attempts, the whole 
remote was covered but the wheel became  
less of a circle and more of a squashed 
rectangle: according to Kenichiro Ashida  
of the Product Development Department, 
“We checked out some real go kart wheels,  
and saw that they’re usually square steering 
wheels today rather than round ones.”
However, eventually Ashida and his 
team came to the conclusion that a  
round wheel is what the everyday person is 
used to, and so after a number of revisions,  
the final design of the Wii Wheel was landed upon. 
The Mario Kart dev team felt so strongly that the  
Wheel was an important part of Mario Kart Wii 
that they put it on the front of the game box.
But there was another big innovation introduced in 
Mario Kart Wii, which also came from the mind of  
producer Hideki Konno. He said in an interview, 
“I love BMX bicycles and snowboarding. When  
we made the game for the DS, we wanted to put 
in some elements of extreme sports but it was  
difficult to achieve in a handheld game. That’s 
why we decided to make it happen for the Wii.”
This extreme sports influence led to the 
introduction of half pipes in many of the game’s  
tracks, along with motorbikes. Previously Miyamoto 
had vetoed the idea, saying he thought it would be  
strange to see Mario riding a bike. But this time 
round, he gave his approval. The team even planned  
on calling the game Mario Kart X after X-treme 
sports, but Super Smash Bros developer Masahiro  
Sakurai beat them to the punch with Super Smash 
Bros. Brawl’s Japanese title, Super Smash Bros X.
And then finally, there was the online mode. 
Born from Hideki Konno’s frustration with the  
limited online options in Mario Kart DS, the 
team developed a whole range of online modes  
and features for Mario Kart Wii. Standard races 
could be played with a full 12 players from across  
the globe, and friends were able to drop into 
lobbies their friends were in. There were also  
time trial rankings and ghost data from players 
across the globe. Mario Kart Wii really embraced  
all of the online features at the team’s disposal 
- thanks to the Mario Kart Channel on the Wii, you  
could see if your friends were playing online even 
without the Mario Kart game disc in your console.
Mario Kart Wii went on to sell a whopping 37 
million copies, making it the second best selling  
Wii game behind only Wii Sports. The team was able 
to take a couple year break from Mario Kart after  
the game’s 2008 release. But when it came time 
to develop the next Mario Kart entry, the game’s  
developers would face an altogether different 
kind of problem to any they’d faced before.
Part 7: Mario Kart 7
Development on a Mario Kart entry for 
Nintendo’s upcoming handheld, the 3DS,  
began in 2010. This time, Kosuke Yabuki, a 
game designer who worked on Mario Kart Wii,  
was promoted to director. And from the start, 
Yabuki knew he wanted to mix up the traditional  
Mario Kart gameplay. He modified Mario Kart 
Wii so that the karts could fly through the  
air. He also tried making them feel floaty 
and light, telling producer Hideki Konno,  
“Doesn't it look like they're underwater?", 
"Wouldn't it be fun to drive underwater?"
And so, Yabuki led a tiny team of 8 developers 
to begin building a prototype for this new Mario  
Kart game. But while development was getting off 
to a good start, the team would soon run into a  
pretty huge problem. They had no more developers 
to work on the game. You see, at the same time,  
Nintendogs + cats was also in early production, 
and of the two 3DS titles, it was Nintendogs  
which was prioritised. According to Hideki 
Konno, “When we got to the stage where we'd  
really be getting down to business on Mario Kart 
7, lots of titles were underway in the department,  
and we had a problem: we didn't have 
enough members to develop the game.”
Konno began discussing this problem with some 
of the other high level staff at Nintendo,  
including president Satoru Iwata, and producer of 
the Metroid Prime series Kensuke Tanabe. Tanabe’s  
role at the company was to coordinate 
development with external game studios,  
including Texas based Retro Studios. Retro Studios 
were the ones behind the Metroid Prime trilogy,  
and at the time, work was just fishing on Donkey 
Kong Country Returns. Konno said in an interview,  
“The timing when they were going to be wrapped 
with [Donkey Kong Country Returns] matched the  
timing we would start needing help. The timing 
was right, and we ended up making it happen.”
And so began an international partnership to bring 
the next Mario Kart title to life. That December,  
a group of developers from the Texas 
based studio were flown out to Japan  
to meet producer Hideki Konno, director 
Kosuke Yabuki, and the rest of the Mario  
Kart team at Nintendo. While initially 
the two groups felt a little distant,  
it was during a dinner at a yakiniku 
restaurant that the barriers were broken down.
After returning to the US, Retro’s staff held 
weekly video calls with the Mario Kart devs  
in Japan. It was decided that half the courses 
would be created by Retro, and half by Nintendo  
in Japan. This way, each group could learn new 
approaches and take inspiration from the work of  
the other studio. It helped that Retro’s devs 
were all big Mario Kart fans - Konno stated,  
“They were very, very knowledgeable about 
Mario Kart!” During one video call, slow  
internet meant that Retro were the only ones who 
could hear the other studio’s audio. Nintendo’s  
Japanese staff were impressed when Retro 
continued the call using hand gestures alone!
And so, after an international collaboration 
between Kyoto and Texas, Mario Kart 7 was  
released for the 3DS in 2011, becoming the best 
selling game on the system. The Mario Kart team  
and Retro Studios parted ways shortly afterwards, 
with Retro developing a sequel to Donkey Kong  
Country Returns, the critically acclaimed 
Tropical Freeze. Meanwhile, the Mario Kart  
devs in Japan began work on the most ambitious, 
and best selling game in the series’ history.
Part 8: Mario Kart 8
It was at the start of the 2010s that Nintendo 
began developing their newest home console,  
the Wii U. Along with the inclusion of a 
second screen, this would be Nintendo’s  
first HD game console. And once work 
finished up on Mario Kart 7, director  
Kosuke Yabuki and producer Hideki Konno began 
brainstorming ideas for the next entry in the  
series. They knew they needed to again surprise 
players by bringing something new to the table,  
but what? They’d already gone into the skies and 
underwater, where else? Their first idea was to  
attach drills to the front of the karts, and have 
them dig underground - “subterranean racing” is  
how Hideki Konno described it. But it didn’t 
take long for this idea to fall by the wayside,  
in favour of a more exciting and 
frankly, more fun, game mechanic:  
antigravity driving. What if courses could 
snake onto walls, or even upside down?
The team’s first idea to utilize 
antigravity driving was a möbius strip:  
if you cut a ring of paper and twist one half 
around before attaching the ends together,  
you have a loop of paper where the front and 
back connect as one long loop. A racetrack in the  
shape of this möbius strip would be the perfect 
showcase for the game’s new antigravity mechanic.  
And this twisted loop looked a lot like the number 
8, which inspired the game’s title and logo!
And so, with the concept decided on, it was time 
to enter development in full. According to Yabuki,  
the core team of developers was the same as 
those who’d worked on the previous entry,  
Mario Kart 7, albeit only the Japanese 
side of the team. But like I mentioned,  
the Wii U was Nintendo’s first HD console, 
and across the company, Nintendo’s developers  
found working in HD considerably more difficult 
than expected. According to Shigeru Miyamoto,  
“We may have underestimated the scale of [the 
change to HD development] and as a result,  
the overall software development took 
more time than originally anticipated”.  
To keep development on track, it was decided 
to once again bring on an external studio to  
help out, this time Bandai Namco. Unlike the 
fairly equal partnership with Retro Studios,  
Bandai Namco were very much a support studio 
on Mario Kart 8, with Nintendo’s internal  
staff making the major creative decisions. 
According to Bandai Namco’s own website,  
“we produced approximately half of visual assets 
for courses, characters and machine parts.” Bandai  
Namco’s involvement was crucial in getting the 
game out on time, and to a high level of polish.
And so, in early 2014, Mario Kart 8 was released 
for the Wii U. It received glowing reviews which  
praised its fantastic visuals and music, 
along with the exciting new anti-gravity  
filled courses. On the Wii U, the game sold 
8 and a half million copies, which means that  
over 60% of Wii U owners picked up a copy of 
Mario Kart 8. That’s an impressive statistic.
But it wasn’t on Wii U where 
the game hit its stride,  
as it were. No, Mario Kart 8’s true 
success lay just around the corner.
Part 8.5: Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Mario 
Kart Tour, Mario Kart Live: Home Circuit
So, I’ve now covered all of the 
mainline Mario Kart game from the  
SNES up until the Wii U. But those 8 
games are only the tip of the iceberg.  
First of all, there’s Mario Kart’s arcade 
offerings - Mario Kart Arcade GP from 2005,  
along with 3 sequels released in 2007, 2013 and 
2017. These games were developed by Bandai Namco,  
though not the same part of the company that 
worked on Mario Kart 8. Hideki Konno explained,  
“We wanted them to have a free hand when they 
made it. We wanted them to have their own vision,  
and so we told them go ahead, go do that on 
your own.” The lack of involvement from Nintendo  
explains these games’ unique vibe, plus the 
inclusion of non-Nintendo characters like Pac Man.
Then we have the best selling game 
in the entire Mario Kart series,  
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. According to the game’s 
producer Kosuke Yabuki, he felt that the Switch  
would be perfect for Mario Kart thanks to its 
dual controllers which make local multiplayer  
a breeze. And so, not wanting to waste any time 
before bringing a Mario Kart title to the system,  
the team made the decision to bring an updated 
version of Mario Kart 8 to the new console  
rather than develop a title from the ground 
up. This approach proved wildly successful,  
with the game’s sales at 67 million and 
still growing as I make this video. In 2022,  
when Yabuki was asked whether he’d foreseen the 
game’s monumental success, the producer replied,  
“We didn’t, but in hindsight, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe 
is a good match for the Switch. You can play the  
console anywhere and even split the controller 
in two, so it’s easy to pick up and play with a  
nearby sibling or friend. 5 years after the 
game’s release, that appeal hasn’t faded.”
Then, in 2019, the company released Mario Kart 
Tour, a Mario Kart game that can be played on  
mobile phones. Like Mario Kart 8 before it, the 
game was developed in partnership with Bandai  
Namco, who state on their website, “we partially 
implemented [in-game] and 3D visual assets  
for courses, characters and machines. We also 
produced approximately half of bonus challenges.”  
It’s not clear how involved the core Mario Kart 
team were in Mario Kart Tour’s development,  
but despite the game’s mixed reviews it went 
on to receive over 200 million downloads.
And then, in 2020, Nintendo released another 
new Mario Kart game, Mario Kart Live:  
Home Circuit for the Switch, which puts the 
classic Mario Kart action in your own living  
room thanks to a small remote-control car 
carrying a camera. The game got its start  
when New York-based Velan Studios experimented 
with the idea of some kind of mixed-reality kart  
racing game. They instantly thought 
of Mario Kart, and put together a  
prototype which they brought to Nintendo. 
Impressed, Nintendo greenlit the project.
Throughout development, Velan Studios remained 
in close contact with both Nintendo’s software  
and hardware teams, and the result was 
2020’s Mario Kart Live Home Circuit.  
The game received positive reviews, 
and sold 1.7 million copies as of 2022,  
which is pretty impressive for a 
more niche entry like Home Circuit.
And then finally, in 2022, Nintendo unveiled the 
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Booster Course Pass, a series  
of downloadable courses for Mario Kart 8 Deluxe. 
Over the course of a year and a half, a whopping  
48 courses were added to the game, bringing 
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe up to a total of 96 courses,  
far more than any other game in the series. The 
catch? These courses were all based heavily on  
pre-existing tracks from Mario Kart Tour. Tour 
isn’t an ugly game, but its art style is rather  
incongruous with the look of Mario Kart 8. Still, 
Nintendo did put in work to polish up the tracks  
somewhat - Yabuki said, “The word ‘remaster’ 
might sound cheap, but we’re confident that it  
will create new and unique experiences that are 
different to how tracks were originally. We had  
to make all sorts of adjustments, as it wasn’t 
enough to simply leave the tracks as they were.”
So while the Nintendo Switch received 
no brand new, mainline Mario Kart games,  
the series certainly wasn’t dormant 
for those 8 years. But by 2025,  
it had finally become time for the next 
big game in this long-running series.
Part 9: Mario Kart World
On the 16th of January 2025, after months 
of rumours, leaks and speculation, Nintendo  
finally unveiled their newest game console, the 
Switch 2. And, as part of the first look trailer,  
a brief snippet of an unannounced new Mario 
Kart game was shown off. And when I say brief,  
it’s about 15 seconds. But those 15 seconds 
were enough to set fans’ imaginations running  
wild. The trailer showed off a 
new, more expressive art style,  
and more racers than could previously 
participate in a single race - 24.
A few months later, Nintendo announced Mario Kart 
World, a truly next-generation Mario Kart game.  
In World, each of the game’s courses 
are interconnected, forming a large,  
open world for players to race across. In 
fact, in Grand Prix mode, players actually  
drive from one track to the next! And with new 
exciting modes like Free Roam and Knockout Tour,  
mechanics like Rail Grinding and Wall Riding, 
and a huge roster of characters and costumes,  
Mario Kart World seems like the biggest 
Mario Kart game to date. Not biggest in  
terms of track number - Mario Kart 8 Deluxe 
will likely reign supreme on that count with  
its total of 96 - but in terms of scope 
and raw ambition, this is the biggest!
So, Super Mario Kart got its start in 
1993 as a kind of experiment by a tiny  
team of just 8 people. Flash forward to 2025, 
when Mario Kart World is launching alongside  
Nintendo’s brand new console, the Switch 2, 
and I wonder what that original development  
team would think if you showed them how far 
their little creation would come in 30 years.
Thanks very much for watching this big long 
video about Mario Kart! And a huge thank  
you to my Patrons for helping support videos 
like this one. In particular, thank you to…