Do you want to know what the worst part
of being able to play the Nintendo
Switch 2 is? It's the fact that I'm
going to have to wait nearly two months
to be able to play it again. And it's
going to be such a long 2 months. Now,
as of yesterday, the Nintendo Switch 2
finally touched down in the UK. And
after hearing that I wasn't lucky enough
to win a lottery ticket, Nintendo
decided to invite me down anyway. And
after spending four hours playing as
many games as humanly possible, today
I'm going to tell you why the Nintendo
Switch 2 absolutely blew me away. Now,
I've personally never been to one of
these events before, so I had no idea
what to expect, but essentially what it
turned out being was a giant room filled
with a bunch of different games that you
could walk over and play. Some of which
you got to play on a 4K TV and others
you got to play in handheld mode. Now,
my biggest worry when it came to the
Nintendo Switch 2 was the way the
Joy-Cons attached as I, like many
people, were a little bit worried that
they were going to be a bit too easy to
snap off. But this thing is honestly
surprisingly sturdy. The JoyCons were
really easy to detach and then attach
again. And the way it works is you press
this lever at the back and this kind of
pushes the Joy-Con out and then you can
pull it the rest of the way to
completely detach it. Now, the JoyCons
did bend on this a little bit more than
I was expecting, but that did seem to be
unique to this dummy unit, and I think
it's because literally everyone who was
trying it out was wiggling it to see how
much give there was. So, this unit
essentially had years worth of wear and
tear done to it in a single event as
everyone was trying to rip them off. I
was also surprised by how easily the
Joy-Cons attached onto the Switch. The
magnets are actually surprisingly
strong, which meant it was really easy
to get them in the right place. Now, I'm
not a huge fan of the kickstand.
Although it was stronger than I thought
it was going to be, it is still very
flimsy. And I have no idea why they
decided to go with this as opposed to
the version that's on the OLED. That
still seems better in my opinion. And I
actually found the size of the Switch 2
to be just about perfect. I was a little
worried when they said it was going to
be larger than the Switch because I find
the Steam Deck personally to be a little
bit too big, but this turned out to be a
really happy middle ground. And that
goes for the weight, too. I found it
really comfortable to hold. Although
I'll definitely be buying a grip as one
of my first purchases, but even standing
up and playing it in my hands felt
really comfortable. So, I can definitely
see myself having long play sessions in
handheld mode. Now, as the Switch 2 is
bigger, this also means that the
Joy-Cons are larger as well. And despite
the fact that I have pretty small hands,
this actually made them way more
comfortable to hold. One thing that
actually made a noticeable difference
when I played though was actually the
Joycon sticks. The fact that they were
ever so slightly larger on the Switch 2
just made it a little bit easier to play
in handheld mode. The thing that
surprised me the most about the Switch 2
though has to be the screen. Now, I
absolutely love my OLED, and I was a
little bit worried when they announced
that this was an LCD screen that it
would feel like a noticeable downgrade,
but that didn't seem to be the case
whatsoever. And for me personally, I
found the colors to be just as vibrant
as they were on the OLED. And if
anything, the higher resolution of the
Switch 2 actually means that this screen
felt and looked a little bit nicer than
the Switches. But this event wasn't just
about showing off the Switch 2. It was
also about showing off their game
library as well. And the first game I
got my hands on was Mario Kart Worlds.
Now, Mario Kart Worlds really shakes up
what it means to be a Mario Kart game.
As not only can you now race with up to
24 people, even in person. There's also
new racing modes, new items, new
mechanics like the ability to boost when
driving down a straight and also the
ability to ride on rails. And alongside
there being a ton of new maps, there's
also weather and time of day being added
to each map as well. Now, it is worth
noting that basically every single game
we played at this event was the demo
version. So, I wasn't able to go into
menus or look at anything like that.
What I got to play was exactly what
Nintendo wanted to show us. Now, the
first part of gameplay they had us do
was not actually a Grand Prix, but
instead the journey between two of the
Grand Prix races, which is a brand new
thing that they've added into this Mario
Kart. Now, I love this addition for a
few reasons, cuz not only are there
unique items that you can pick up while
driving in this mode, there's also the
fact that this kind of takes place in
the real world. So, there'll be cars and
different things driving around you,
making this a lot more chaotic than the
actual races themselves. And of course,
you're against 23 other people. So,
there's already a lot more things going
on around you. Now, although this mode
was fun, this was not my favorite part
of Mario Kart we got to play, as they
also let us play the 24 person knockout
game. Now, the way this works is there's
different checkpoints layered across the
map, and at each checkpoint, the bottom
four drivers will be eliminated. So,
it's your job to try and stay high
enough up that you don't get knocked
out. This mode had my adrenaline
absolutely going, as being hit in this
mode took me from being in like first or
second and knocked me all the way down
to 20th position. And this meant that
you always had to be ready for the
worst, as at any point you could go from
being safe to being in danger. This
honestly might wind up being the mode I
play the most. It was carnage and it was
hilarious. And obviously, I had to play
as the cow because the cow is the best
character. Now, the one thing that
wasn't clear was how you unlock things
like new characters, new outfits, and
also new carts. We did wind up finding
out that you could find new outfits as
you were driving around, which is pretty
cool. But we didn't manage to unlock any
characters or carts, although there were
a ton of characters compared to Mario
Kart 8 Deluxe, although obviously
everyone's just going to choose the cow.
Now, these demos did not include the
open world mechanic whatsoever. They're
definitely waiting until the Nintendo
Direct to give us a little bit more
information about it and we'll hopefully
find out why Nintendo seem weirdly
confident about the $80 price tag as
they are definitely hiding some
information from us. Now, the next game
I wound up playing was Donkey Kong
Bonanza. Now, this really didn't grab my
attention all that much in the Nintendo
Direct, as even though it looked fun, I
wasn't really sure it was a game for me.
And when the Direct finished, it didn't
necessarily wind up being high on my
list of games I was excited to play. But
I am so glad I got to play it in person
because it's completely changed my mind
about the entire game. I'd say the game
that this is most like isn't actually
any of the previous Donkey Kong games.
This feels like the successor to Mario
Odyssey. And out of every single game I
got to play throughout the entire event,
this to me had to be the most beautiful.
The details in this were spectacular.
And my footage most definitely doesn't
do it justice, but I fell in love with
the details. Not only with what you
could see when you were looking out from
the world, but also the small things
like when Donkey Kong went into water,
you could visibly see the fact that his
fur was wet. And this was described by
the Nintendo employee as being an openw
worlds game. So whilst you can't
necessarily run wherever you want, you
could within each of the levels. And in
this, you're not even limited by the
ground itself because one of the core
gameplay mechanics is Donkey Kong's
ability to dig. He can essentially punch
through the ground and make his own
paths to just about anywhere. Now, there
are obviously some limitations to this.
There is a hard bedrock on the bottom
that you can't go past, but other than
that, you can pick up, throw rocks, and
dig just about everywhere. And if you're
a completionist, then you are most
definitely going to want to do that
because there are so many hidden
collectibles around each of the maps and
even characters for you to find. Now,
they're kind of equivalent to moonstones
are these giant bananas. And I think
this is going to be like the main
currency or the main way to progress in
this game. Now, this isn't a launch
game. I believe it's coming out in July,
so they do have a little bit of time to
tweak this, but I think for me, the
biggest downside was the camera. If you
moved in a direction on the map, the
camera would automatically move with
you. And this was actually quite fast
and quite aggressive. And unfortunately,
because this was a demo build, we
weren't allowed to access like the menu
to see if there was any ability to
change this. But hopefully that is
something they do at launch. The next
game I had to play was Breath of the
Wild and Tears of the Kingdom. Now, it's
clear they've spent a lot of time on
this port as it looked absolutely
spectacular on the Switch, too. This
also played incredibly well in handheld
mode. The colors were bright and
vibrant, and the game itself ran really
smoothly. Again, looking just as good,
if not better, than my OLED RAM Breath
of the Wild. The one thing I couldn't
test, which I was really sad about,
though, were the speakers, as it was
just too loud to hear a thing in that
hall. Now, if you watched the Nintendo
Direct, you'd know that one of the
biggest things they talked about was the
performance upgrade and also the loading
speed times. And one of the best ways I
thought to show this off is to go into
the Koro forest in Breath of the Wild
where there was not a single frame in
sight. And this is the way it was truly
meant to be experienced. Not the framy
mess that ended up on the Switch. And
especially now we know it either costs
$9.99 or it comes free if you have a
Nintendo Switch online plus expansion
pass that this is essentially going to
become a mustplay for anyone who loved
Breath of the Wild and Tears of the
Kingdom as this truly is the best way to
experience it. Now when we were playing
Breath of the Wild they also let us play
with the brand new Pro Controller. Now,
when I heard that Nintendo were
releasing a brand new one, I was kind of
split on how to feel because this one
right here is one of my favorite
controllers of all time. It's how I play
almost all of my games, and I really
wasn't sure I needed to upgrade. Now,
they've changed a few things up about
the new controller. Not only does it
have a brand new soft matte feel to it,
it also has these new addition of back
buttons. And these are buttons that
you're going to be able to map yourself
to be whatever you want it to be. And if
you're new to playing games with back
buttons, then whilst at first they might
feel a little bit annoying and you might
accidentally hit them, although
admittedly the way they do it on the Pro
Controller makes it a lot harder to
accidentally press them than something
like this controller, but once you get
used to using them, they can become
really useful. The next game I then went
to play was Metroid Prime 4. Now, this
was not only my first ever Metroid game,
but also my first real try at the mouse
controls. And whilst this looked good, I
thought it didn't look quite as
impressive as the likes of Donkey Kong.
I think the impressive part for this was
maybe the fact that it was running at
120 fps. Now, Metroid does give you the
option to play with either the
controller or play with a mouse. So,
obviously, I picked the mouse for this
one. Now, I'm going to be honest, the
mouse mode felt a little bit awkward. It
essentially makes you take the Joy-Con,
which is a little bit bigger than the
Switch one obviously, and makes you hold
it like this. Now, the main issue I
actually had was my fingers because when
you're resting on the table, you kind of
had to scrunch them up a bit so that
they wouldn't hit the table and run
along it, especially with my fake nails.
And this wound up being not an
incredibly comfortable position to be
in. So, I do think one of the first
switch to accessories that is going to
come out is going to be a specialized
grip to make mouse mode feel a little
bit more comfortable. Now, as you can
see, I was not the best at using mouse
mode. It needed really subtle and small
movements to make a big change on the
screen, and it took a little bit of
getting used to. But one thing that did
help was the fact that there was an
autolock function. Because essentially
if you press this button, it would lock
on to the nearest enemy straight away
for you. But as nice as this is, I do
hope it's something we can toggle on and
off because I know not everyone is going
to love that ability. Now, whilst a lot
of the gameplay mechanics was a lot of
shooting, there were a few things that
surprised me because in amongst the
fighting were a couple of puzzles. Some
that needed you to roll into a ball to
solve and others involved you shooting
in certain patterns. This isn't my
typical style of game, but it was cool
to get a chance at playing it,
especially with the mouse mechanics. I
am excited to see what other games do
with the mouse features, though,
especially some of the more management
focused games like Twooint Museum,
because those I think really benefit
from mouse controls versus a controller.
I just hope something is released to
make it more comfortable to hold. Next
up, we have Switch to Tour. Now, this is
essentially an ad for the Switch 2 as it
teaches you all about the functions and
its capabilities. And these mini games
were a little bit odd. It isn't really a
game. It feels more like a literal tech
demo with games that kind of show off
the mouse mechanics. There's other games
that show off the HD rumble. I even saw
one person playing a game that tried to
get you to tell the difference between
60fps and 120. This would have been fine
as a free edition with the Switch 2, but
the fact that it's paid is absolutely
ridiculous, and I do not recommend
paying for this whatsoever. I then got
to play the brand new Kirby and the
Forgotten Land DLC. Now, annoyingly, we
still have no idea what the upgrade
price is going to be. I'm hoping this
will be around the same as Breath of the
Wild, but the fact that they haven't
mentioned it whatsoever makes me think
that maybe not. Now, if you're wondering
what this is, it's essentially a new way
of playing every single main level with
it unlocking new paths, new mouthful
modes, and new enemies for you to take
on and tackle. And even though it's not
clear how many hours you're going to get
out of this exactly, it does seem like a
sizable add-on for DLC. Now, this again
is absolutely gorgeous, even though my
footage for this one came out a little
bit funky. So, here's some trailer
footage to really sell you on how good
this looks. This, for me personally, was
one of my favorite Switch games, so I
know I'm going to buy this the day it
comes out, and I'm just honestly glad
that one of my favorite games got a
little bit extra love. Next up, I got to
play Drag X Drive. Now, I really love
the idea of this game, but the reality
is that after a 20inut demo, literally
everyone I spoke to came out complaining
that their arms hurt. So, this is going
to be a game best enjoyed in short
bursts, I think. Now, this sees you use
the mouse controls to wheel the
wheelchair and steer it. And I got to
say, the mechanics were really fluid. I
was really surprised by just how much
they could pick up. The mouse was
incredibly responsive, and I even tried
using it on my legs instead of the table
because Nintendo themselves did say that
that was something you could do. Now, it
is worth noting this is a game that
needs you to have quite a lot of room
for you to do it. You can see the size
table they gave us for the demo. You
really end up extending your arms the
entire way out. The JoyCons could also
pick up a lot of movement, not just on
the table, but when you went to shoot,
you'd have to lift the Joy-Con up and
make a shooting like motion. And even
when you didn't have the ball in your
hands, you could still wave your arms
around cuz the JoyCons would pick that
up. As much fun as the one game we got
to play was, this does seem like a good
way to speedrun your way to Carpool
Tunnel. I'm not even exaggerating when I
say my arms still hurt from yesterday
from playing it. Now, they did have a
couple of indie games for us to play as
well. I was super sad that there wasn't
any Rune Factory or Story of Seasons,
and because I was running out of time, I
only got to play a couple of them, but I
wound up playing Split Fiction and Hades
2. Both of these ran absolutely
incredibly. Now, the last time I played
Split Fiction, I was playing it on the
Xbox Series X, and it's actually wild to
me how good this looked on the Switch 2
as well. If you're someone who's yet to
have picked this up on any other console
or PC, you're going to have a great time
experiencing this on the Switch 2. Hades
2 not only looked great, but also
performed fantastically. One thing that
will be interesting to see though is
because this is releasing on the Switch
as well as the Switch 2 is if there's
actually any difference. But hopefully
they're going to give us a release date
sometime soon for this because this was
a great game to play. They also had a
station set up for you to play the
Gamecube games. Now, the way these games
looked on the Switch 2 is literally how
I remember them. That is how strong
nostalgia is. Even though I know for a
fact that these look and play way better
than they did on the Gamecube. I will
say though, the Gamecube controller is
incredibly light. I would by no means
say this is a must buy given its price.
You can play these games perfectly fine
with whatever controllers you have, but
the fact that it is wireless is pretty
nice. They unfortunately weren't showing
the entire catalog of GameCube games
that we could play. So sadly, there was
no Pokémon Colosseum, which is one of
the games I am the most excited for. But
I was able to play a little bit of Wind
Waker, which is another game I'm very
excited to finally get to play, as even
though I had a Gamecube and a Wii U, I
missed both of these versions. And even
though I wouldn't really call myself a
retro gamer, this is something I can see
myself playing. They've really done a
great job to not only bring it over to
the Switch 2, but also do some fine
tuning to make it look pretty great,
too. I am, however, still salty that
they haven't given us a remake of Wind
Waker HD, and instead they gave us this.
I'm also crossing my fingers that they
bring us the original Animal Crossing,
as that for me would make it well
worthwhile to upgrade my online
membership. And right at the end, we
also got a glance at some of the
accessories that Nintendo offer.
Although, I'm probably going to be
looking at third-party ones to make my
Switch look a little bit nicer, as I
still can't believe they already came
out with a black version and nothing
else. Overall, I was absolutely blown
away by my experience with the Switch 2.
Everything about the console just felt a
little bit more premium. And this truly
feels graphically like a huge upgrade
from the Nintendo Switch, both in
handheld and when it's docked. I think
it is important to also mention the
price at this point. This is an
expensive console. And whilst I would
have loved to have seen this and the
games a little bit cheaper, this is
truly everything I've been asking for in
a successor to the Switch. But as
incredible as the Switch 2 is, I think
everything I said in my last video still
stands. Whether this is a day one
purchase for you completely depends on
how many of the games actually interest
you, as there's still so much about the
Switch 2, we don't know. Like, one huge
thing I really want to know is whether
games that run badly on the Switch are
going to run great on the Switch 2 or
whether there's going to be no change
whatsoever. But seeing as I've already
pre-ordered the Switch 2, I am just
counting down the days until it finally
launches because this is going to be an
absolutely fantastic console. Oh.