We finally got some answers from
Nintendo this morning about pricing and
some other details. We wanted to go
through all of these interviews with
answers coming out and talk about a
couple of things. One, because we worked
at Nintendo and used to write these
answers for these types of interviews,
we want to sort of like dissect them and
see, are they really saying what they're
trying to say? Are they trying to like
pull some PR jargon in our faces? Yeah,
it's the start of another week, another
wave of switch to information. When is
it going to die down? We don't know.
Never. But yes, it is interesting for us
in particular to look at uh interview
responses because there were different
people being interviewed and and and
it's not just a case of like, well,
talking talking off the cuff, here's
what I think about this. It's like, no,
they basically have a script that's
called a Q&A that is written by people
like us that gets reviewed and approved.
And it's like these are our, you know,
agreed upon group collective answers on
so many different topics. So agreed and
approved. Yes. Yes. That's what that
means. So it's so interesting to see
what exactly they say on some of these
hard topics where where like where do
they actually give you an answer and
where they just kind of like duck and
it's like let's move on please. And also
what could be the possible answer that
they're hiding from. Yes. There's a lot
to dissect here. Yes. Yes. Um so yeah
let let's just kind of go through what
happened. So we we were kind of
wondering about this last week when
there was so much
conversation about price, so much
confusion about price as we were um
noting in some of the videos we shared
last week. And we were wondering when
Nintendo was going to come out to do
anything official and clear up any of
these misconceptions or misinformation
or just have some sort of official
answer about it. So th this is the
official answer answers. They they did
do interviews at that event for Switch 2
in New York that was happening just you
know the day of the direct and following
and these interviews were embargoed
meaning the media that did these
interviews with people at Nintendo could
not publish them until today. And today
is Monday um April 7th. So they had they
had waited a few days for these to to
hit. Basically, it's an interesting
strategy because obviously this is based
on the information of the announcement,
the information of the direct, but we're
basically saying we're going to wait to
let this run. And I think their thinking
was there's a lot of information in that
first wave. Let's give people time to
absorb all of that, think about that,
talk about that, and then we'll hit them
again with more. Right? We're going to
talk later on whether this was actually
a good strategy or not. I have some
thoughts on that. But let's look at the
people who they actually put out there
to do the interviews cuz that's
interesting. And we were we were
spokespeople. Yes, we were. Back in our
time, we were some of the poor people
who get put out there to do this to to
have to deal with these hard questions.
And this is truly a thankless job. And
this is understood by the people at
Nintendo of America to be a thankless
job because at the minimum you say the
right thing, great. You did. You did
what you were supposed to. If not, you
say something wrong, you get in big
trouble. Becomes a big problem in a lot
of different ways. So this is a tough
job and they have really kind of
retracted the strategy of putting people
out to even do interviews. We we talk a
lot about it had been like more than a
year and a half since Doug Bowser had
did an interview and he made his big
return. He was one of the main
spokespeople. He seemed to be assigned
to the very
mainstream more financially oriented
which is the right people for him to
talk to right that that was who Reggie
used to talk to for example. Absolutely.
He would be on like MSNBC and like you
know that kind of those kinds of media
outlets. Yes. And then we also had the
dynamic duo of Nate Bildorf and Bill
Trinin talking to some of the more like
game knowledgeable outlets like game
focused outlets like an IGN. Um they're
both now people were surprised to see
like oh these guys are vice presidents
now. Like I remember them back in the
Gamecube days. Yeah. When they were like
buddies in the localization team. Um you
know Bill obviously famously used to be
Mr. Miiamoto's translator. Nate has been
a writer on a lot of our favorite games
like Mario, Paper Mario and Mario and
Luigi. So, yeah, it is interesting to
see the two of them basically like
become really, you know, business people
now. Yes. They're the they're the two
top figures of the treehouse. Nate runs
the treehouse and Bill is just a step
below him. Right. Right. Running this
new team. It's like, you know, player
and product experience. Right. Right.
Exactly. Um, what do you think of does
this strike you as the right people? If
you had to pick three people, would
these be the three people you would
choose? I think these are the ones that
you got, honestly. Like Doug, you you
have to Doug has to do it. There's he
does not have a choice. He's the
president of Nintendo of America. This
is part of the job to be an official
company spokesperson of like one of the
highest authorities. And and if you are
going to be answering tough questions
about like tariffs and price and a lot
of those kinds of business related
questions, he is the only one that can
do it. So check mark on him. I love Nate
and Bill. I think that they obviously
are extremely knowledgeable about the
product and about the games. you know,
they have that one-to-one connection
with the development team. So, they're
really getting like all of the key
information about the games that they
can tell us about. So, and they're both
like great spokespeople, too. So, I I do
think that this is like they're very
seasoned. And if you're putting people
out there to do this like hard job, at
least you know that these people are
like seasoned. They know how to manage
these types of conversations. They know
how to get away from questions they
shouldn't answer. like very unlikely for
these three people to make like some
horrific mistake. Um, so yeah, I think I
think they were great. I agree. I think
this is the best trio that they could
have picked. And I think in particular
with Nate and Bill, like they do have a
lot of that long-term respect of people
who have been following Nintendo.
They're they're names that people know.
They're also extremely personable like
in person when you're talking to them
and and I could kind of sense and even
in some of the written interviews like
where they would get asked a hard
question and they were able to kind of
deflect it with like a joke or a laugh
and that's a skill in and of itself and
not everybody can do that like we saw
like Doug Bowser in a TV interview. You
you were you were doing some body
language doctor stuff here watching him
like ring his hands again. We used to we
used to have to do a lot of the training
for media interviews as well. Like that
was part of our job at Nintendo was like
once we had written all of the Q&A and
everything, we would get the people that
were doing interviews to practice it. We
we would have to practice it too. And
they would always say a lot about like
watch your body language and like when
someone asks you the question that's
negative, don't start nodding
automatically because you're basically
agreeing with confirming that. Is Mario
Kart too expensive? Oh yeah. I don't
know if I'd say that. I don't know if I
would say that, but um you know and
yeah, noting like you know things like I
always watch people's hands like your
hands are really like tight. You're kind
of clucking. It's like you're at the
dentist getting like work done getting
like work done. You're like
just get through it. Yeah, it's like
that like Arthur meme where like the
fist clenches like that. But yeah, I I
think um especially Nate. Nate is Nate
is just like funny. Like that's his
personality and he's he is just like a
very like charismatic person in general.
they are managing the tone of the
interview through their personality and
their and their approach to being more
fun. And that's why it's good to have
these two out there because you can you
can trust that in sort of a pinch when
they need to do a little bit of just
like let me get out of this by by by
distracting you with this shiny object
that is my dynamic personality. It
works, you know. Yes, it certainly does.
All right, let's get into what they
actually said. So, every almost every
interview and there were a lot of
interviews like you could spend all day
reading these. We read we spent all
morning reading as many as we could
find. Um pricing was one of the key
topics in all of these. It's something
by the time they did these interviews a
lot of that discourse had happened or
was in the midst of happening. Right.
Right. So people could ask and kind of
reflect the mood of the consumer. And
I'm going to read the quote from Doug
Bowser on switch to game prices because
this is very interesting and this was
not something that they had shared
before. What you see right there is
variable pricing. We'll look at each
game, really look at the development
that's going that's gone into the game,
the breadth and depth of the gameplay,
if you will, the durability over time,
and the repeatability of gameplay
experiences. Those are all factors, and
there's many more that go into
consideration of what is the right price
point for the game. So, I think you can
anticipate there will be variable
pricing, and we have not set a
benchmark. Yeah. Wow. This is an answer
that has been meticulously workshopped
by probably hundreds of people at this
point at the company from, you know,
people that you expect to have an
opinion about something like this, like
a Mr. Furukawa, for example. He said
this one into the mirror 50 times the
night before. Oh, yeah. It's like the
Bloody Mary thing, but you're talking
about variable pricing. Um, but yeah,
basically this has gone through the
ringer at N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N
N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N N
N N N N N Nintendo to make sure it's the
most sanitized and safe answer you can
get. But I I want to dig into this
answer a little bit and really get to
what they're trying to get you to
believe and what they're actually hiding
from you. So this quote this quote
variable pricing. So, what they want you
to take away as the person reading this
answer or as the customer is like
obviously every game is going to be
priced differently and $80
um in the case of Mario Kart World is
not going to become the standard. So, I
do believe them there. I think that that
is a factual statement. But the this
thing about we haven't set a benchmark
is where this answer starts to get a
little bit like hm I'm a little
suspicious now. Um because I think one
thing that you brought up that I thought
was like a really good point um when we
were talking about price in some videos
last week was like if they're going to
go the high end, if we if we think that
$80 Mario Kart World is the high end and
their of their variable pricing, then
like what is a AAA first party title
that's the low end? Yes. And since they
haven't benchmarked it and they say that
here, I am very reluctant to believe
that the low end is much lower than like
say a $70. I will not stop banging this
drum that it I'm actually fine with
variable pricing. I like I I agree I
that I will be playing Mario Kart World
for probably hundreds and hundreds of
hours and I will extract like the wet
towel all of the all of the value and
gameplay that there is for that. But you
cannot have variable pricing without
exercising the lower end of that as
well. So, I really want to know like uh
let's use Wario as an example for for
the next Warriioware game that's not
costing as much to make as a Mario Kart
um world or or you know a Tears of the
Kingdom type game. Is that going to be
$30? Is that going to be $40? I don't
know. And I don't really trust them to
fully exercise both ways because if you
do it both ways, you're kind of meeting
in the middle, which is where we were
before, right? You're averaging out and
I think that's okay. But if it's if it's
if this is just a way to cover up things
are going to be more expensive and and
look out, something might be $90, too. I
don't like that. Yeah, that that's the
that's the danger with this answer is
that since we don't know this the high
and low of the variable for the pricing,
it's really hard for the customer to
take away like, well, what is the low
end? What is the highend? And could it
be just this is $80, $70 is the low end,
and we're just going to go higher from
that's what we mean by variable. They do
talk about some of the criteria that
goes into this here. So the development
of the game basically the budget of the
game, how much did it cost us to make
and then depth of gameplay basically
like the you know how long can you play
it or how much replayability does it
have? And I do think in in the case of
Mario Kart it does tick a lot of those
boxes. Um and you know they did also
point out that that Donkey Kong Bonanza
is not $80, it's $70. So I guess you
know looking at their criteria, it's not
a multiplayer game as we understand it
now. I don't think it's going to have
multiplayer. So that it's not open world
maybe or right. So it does seem to be in
some distinct levels and areas. So I
guess I can start to understand it.
Although if I was a developer like I'd
be kind of I would take a point of pride
in this of like wait we put so much like
we you know we're the Mario 3D we think
team making this game like we we deserve
to be at the top. So it's an interesting
kind of you know thing that they're
introducing into this whole discussion
like what are you worth externally and
internally? Yeah. What is your
externally? What is your value? What is
your worth? And I should say when we
were there, there was occasionally a
developer that would raise this topic.
Yes. Of like, hey, how uh this this game
that I'm making sure is a big deal. It
sure is big and chunky and it's got a
lot of stuff. What if we price it a bit
higher? And people at NOA would talk
them down off of this. True. And that is
a time when Reggie was there. I don't
know. I was not privy to the details of
all of those discussions. We would just
hear like oh yeah that came up but we
talked them out of it. Yeah. There was
also like prices were would change
throughout a marketing campaign where
you're like actually we're going to
lower we we kind of had more
forecasting. We had more whatever like
internally before announcing the final
price. There has been instances where
like okay before we announced the final
price we're actually going to do one
more check. I think they're past this
point. I don't think they're going to do
this now, but those discussions were
happening internally with development
teams and business teams, right? The
other thing that is really interesting
to me that he said is this quote here
about durability over time and the rep
repeatability of gameplay experiences.
So, in the example again of Mario Kart
being sort of their marquee showcase of
like this is the maybe the high end of
their variable pricing at the the $80
mark, if they announce paid DLC for this
game from Mario Kart World, this answer
totally falls apart because it's like
you basically told me that I'm all in at
$80 and I will have durability over time
and and repeat repeatability of gameplay
experiences for a really long time. That
is a way for me to justify in my head
like awesome. It just got more durable.
Christa, this is the myithil armor of
game experience for it to be more
durable. Plus 10 to durability. Oh, I
see. And I need to pay $10 for it. I get
it. Okay. It's actually 20. Oh, we're
going to talk more about Mario Kart
World, but they had some separate
comments on that. But yeah, but any game
I think if you make a point that like,
oh, you're paying this much because
you're getting X amount of gameplay and,
you know, repeatability of the
experience out of it. If you then go to
charge paid DLC, that answer is like it
falls apart. You know what I mean? So,
one more thing I'll add to this.
Um, we did see kind of in the last
stretch of our tenure at Nintendo them
get really obsessed and fixated on like
the value of the Nintendo product. True.
And an unrelated but still related
example of this is we would sometimes
get approached by somebody who's like,
"Oh, can we do a giveaway of of this
product? We'd like to can we get like
five copies and we'll do a giveaway to
our community." And if we would ever
take those to to like Japan for example
for them to consider it, we would often
get a long lecture especially in the
last couple years that you were there of
like Nintendo products have immense
value. We must always respect that
immense value. This is why you see these
things don't go on sale. It's like right
that's another point. This the value is
the value and we are really like
seriously into that concept of respect
the value of what this thing is that we
have made because it is very special.
Yeah. Yeah. And on the one point it it's
a great thing for the brand because you
are trained like basically as a consumer
to think like oh like this is worth the
price. It's not like this isn't Ubisoft.
I was just going to say it's not like
the Ubisoft situation where I always
tell myself if I wait a month will this
get cheaper right? Like as a Nintendo
customer fan, I feel like all of us are
kind of like conditioned to be like,
well, I'm gonna buy if I want to buy
this, I might as well buy this now
because it's not going to go on sale.
Yeah. Um, so yeah, on the one hand, it
it does, you know, good things for their
brand in terms of like training your
brain to do that, but in in the other
way, it's like, well, how far are you
taking this concept of like how much
your stuff is worth? Because again there
there is so many other factors that come
into pricing something but the sort of
the weight that they put on this just
being something from the magical box
that is Nintendo makes it like you're
paying like a Nintendo markup. It's a
Nintendo tax. I mean you could also say
like them looking at it's like well you
know uh this game that we made was $60.
A lot of those other games that are $60
are junk. Like they don't have the
Nintendo level of quality or polish or
attention. So we do need to distinguish
that like how premium this thing is
through the pricing and you will come to
understand that please understand. Let's
move on. Uh we got pretty much the same
comment from Bill Trinan uh in less
detail but again using that point about
um you know looking at each individual
game and understanding the value. Sure.
Uh tariffs. Yes. So these were kind of
happening in the moment. Yeah. in like
concert to what they were doing, which
was tough situation as the interviews
were happening. Yeah. But Doug Bowser
did say that the tariffs were not
factored into the
$449 price of the Switch 2. And on the
topic of delaying the pre-orders, he
said, "The news is fresh and like many
companies right now, we are actively
assessing what the impact may be." Mhm.
Um the point about the tariff not being
baked in like the fact that a tariff was
being discussed that was not new
information, right? Like we we knew
about that being a possibility for
months. So there was some conversation
of like well did they hedge their bets
and bake that into the price maybe being
a little bit higher with the expectation
that hey this could come or go or or or
could be an impact on us down the road.
Sounds like it wasn't. Sounds like it
wasn't. Although, do you believe that? I
don't believe that.
I was going to say I feel like this is
one of those things where they're trying
as much as possible to kind of separate
themselves from the drama that is
tariffs. There's so many things that
they just don't want to touch in terms
of any sort of association with
political topics are always just that's
just a it's a stay away. It's also very
like yes, it has a global impact, but
it's also very like US-based and this is
a global product. So there's like a
thing about like we got to make these
messages like very broad. Well,
however, this is, you know, it is
something that happens in the US, but
the US is by far the biggest market for
Nintendo. And it's kind of like, well,
if you're going to have this priced in
the US, it's been going to become the
global price except for this weird Japan
bubble that they have created for that
version. So, so it does actually have
some some global impacts because you
can't have that much variability from
from region to region. But yeah, I'm
like you. I don't totally I I think
there could be like well not these
tariffs the other tariffs the other ones
we were thinking of. Yeah. Um the other
thing that he had said this there was an
there was a question um in an interview
about um sort of the the
the profit margins on hardware and you
know we know like general industry
gaming industry uh standard in terms of
profit margin. We we've heard all the
stories about oh gosh you know Sony's
losing money on PS5 blah blah blah. Um
whereas Nintendo has always been like
pretty pretty good healthy in terms of
their profit margins on hardware and you
know because of tariffs because of some
of these outside
factors is Nintendo going to lose money
on switch to hardware and Doug was
pretty like open to say like you know we
we are not you know losing money on
hardware um because lose money. We don't
do that. We don't do that. Yeah. Because
it's the the you know, it's really like,
well, is that why you're pricing the
game so high? Because you got to make
you got to recoup the cost because
you're losing money on hardware from
tariffs. And and the answer really was
like, we are not losing, you know, the
margins are are slim, but there we have
margins. Um, so that's interesting in in
the face of, you know, tariffs and and
the percentage of tariffs for for switch
two and like what that means. And of
course they they did have that statement
last week that was like you know we we
are going to pause pre-orders in the US
until the situation is stabilized a
little bit. Um so I wonder I do wonder
what that could mean for the price.
Well, that's I I I hadn't seen that
particular interview comment, but it is
interesting with what's to come where
they do need to make a decision on
resuming pre-orders. And there's, you
know, there's kind of a fork in the road
of like if if if the tariff goes
through, either we raise the price or
we're going to have to eat some of that
ourselves. Exactly. And knowing that how
much they like to always be making money
on this thing, I don't I don't know.
It's a hard decision and and certain
people will definitely have a strong
point of view. Yes. On that. They're
going to have to have a debate about
that a little bit. Who who ultimately is
paying for this? Us or the consumer and
and long term, what is the least of the
evils is the question to answer, right?
Especially when this is a new platform,
you really want to get it in people's
houses so they can start buying games,
which is where you're making a lot of
the money. Yeah. Move over your 150,000
a million install base, you know? Yeah.
All that stuff. Um, back to Mario Kart
World. So, there was some justification
on the $80 pricing. I'm so glad that
people said, "Can you please tell me why
this is $80?"
I think we've all been wondering. We
want to know. This is a quote from Bill
Trinan who said, "Well, I just say it's
less about the strategy of pricing Mario
Kart World, it's more about whenever we
look at a given game, we just look at
what the is the experience and what's
the content and what's the value." Very
similar to what Doug was saying, right?
Mario Kart World. I think especially as
you will see from the Nintendo Direct,
not to give you any hints or anything,
but I did read your article this morning
and I think you had mentioned that you
didn't find a lot to discover when
roaming around. So, I would say tune in
to our Mario Kart Direct to see what
maybe you'll be able to find out out
about that. But honestly, this is a game
that is so big and so vast, you will
find so many little things in it to
discover. And there's still some other
secrets remaining that I think as people
end up buying and playing the game,
they're going to find this to be
probably the richest interesting choice
of words Mario Kart experience they have
ever had. Yeah. H so really digging into
the scope of the game here. Um, and
again I I'm not like the biggest
believer and we've talked about this
before about like the price of a game
equals the amount of hours you you spend
in it or like how big the open world is,
how many little how many little like
mini games you can have in the open
world, how many completionist coroxies
can you find exa, etc. you know, but
this is a way that people
understand scopes of games to justify
the scope of a game or to So, you're
saying Nintendo will be padding its
games from here on to to raise the
price? I don't know about that, but I'm
a little concerned that his answer was
all about like all of the, you know, all
the little details you can find, all the
little like, you know, these are the
things that this feels like it's like we
made an open world Mario Kart game and
we packed it full of stuff, but is it
for the overall fun of the game or is it
just to make sure that you have enough
to do to justify $80? I imagine they're
a little staggered that they did all the
days of Treehouse Live that included
multiple segments on this game. Yes. And
still the ongoing message was drop the
price. Like I imagine they felt like
well we're going to show you a lot.
We're going to show you this in action.
You're going to really come around on
it. That didn't happen. So there's a ton
of pressure on this Mario Kart Nintendo
Direct to really justify the price. I am
assuming that I mean we're going to be
pretty close to this game coming out at
that like a month and a half. There's
not a lot more time for big blockbuster
reveals. I think they need to show us as
much as they possibly can in that
Nintendo Direct to get people yes, I'm
in this. This is this could be the
decision of me pre-ordering a system or
not, of really hunting down a system at
launch or not. They need to deliver on
that. Yeah, this is a situation where
they actually have to get out of their,
you know, current mindset of like we
don't want to spoil the surprise for
consumers. I totally get that and I like
that too for a lot of stuff like you
know for Zelda games or for even for
Metroid games like it's it's great to
have like a cool you know surprise for
in the story mode or something like that
that's a bit more like you know you
you've kind of cloaked this before the
game launches. I I think that that would
be a really bad strategy for this
because of the discussion around pricing
and the value of Mario Kart. If we do
not
see lots and lots of things in that
direct that justify this price point,
like more so than any other game, more
so than any other game ever has. Um that
we've never had a game with a base price
in the modern in the modern era this
high of $80. That's right. Not some not
some special edition, not some limited
edition that comes with the statue, just
the game. Oh my gosh, if they announce
paid DLC in this direct, that'll be so
interesting to see. I will lose my mind.
I will quite literally lose. And
introducing the Animal Crossing pack
that's going to cost you and the Zelda
pack and the blah blah blah pack.
I I am very Nintendo, please don't do
this. Um because this is a way for them
to like sell us on the price. Yes. Like
tell us what makes this game so special.
So such a developmental marvel, you
know, like so incredible. Like let me
understand. Oh yeah, I definitely will
be playing this game for eight years.
Like it totally is worth it. It's going
to be that experience for me. I'm I'm
leaning towards being confident that
they will answer that question, but I'm
not confident that there's not going to
be paid DLC either. I think both of
these things can be true. I think both
of these things will be true.
We're going to keep ringing that towel.
Okay. Oh, I'm getting nervous now. Look
at my hands. We sold 75 million copies
of this game across Switch and the Wii
U. Yeah, we going to make that money.
Oh, man. We are making that money. Oh,
man. All right, that's enough. Mario
Kart. Um, other information. Um, switch
to Welcome Tour, which is the game that
is should be a pack-in but is not a
packin. Let's not call it a game. It's
like a tech demo. Well, that's the other
thing is we don't exactly know super
well what this is, I would say. Yeah,
like it got like a minute in the direct.
Um, there were some impressions of it. I
played a little bit of it on Treehouse.
I still wouldn't say I have a total
handle on it. Anyway, up until these
interviews, we did not know the price of
this, right? We just knew we knew it
would be paid and it would not be packed
in for free. So, confirmed in the
interview, it's $10 in our region,
right? Uh, I'll read the this is another
quote from Bill. For some people, I
think there are people who are
particularly interested in the tech and
the specs of the system and things like
that. for them. I think it's going to be
a great product. It's really for people
that want more information about the
system rather than necessarily a quick
intro to everything it does. And for
that reason, and just the amount of care
and work that the team put into it, I
think it was decided that yeah, this
feels like $9.99 is not an exorbitant
price. It feels like a good value for
what you are getting out of the product.
This answer again still does not really
tell me what this is. Didn't mention
anything about playing this. It's more
of like walking around and being told
about a GPU. Yeah, I didn't mention like
the experience that you're paying $10
for. Like is it in like if if I were the
customer that is really interested in
tech and specs as Bill says that this is
for like what about this welcome tour
will will show me that in an interesting
and fun way that is worth the $10 I'm
paying. Like I I don't think I really
got the answer from this statement. This
goes back to what we were saying before
about the value must be respected at all
costs. When you put it into the thing
for free, yes, a lot of people will
experience, but the full value is not
being recognized. And so many people
have been, you know, sharing quotes from
Reggie's book where he talked about
really fighting the fight about Wii
Sports, which was not packed in in
Japan. You had to buy it in Japan. Like
again, who is fighting these fights on
the NOA side now? Yeah. Not many people,
right? So, it's like, "Hey, hey, I'm I'm
the big boss in Japan and I've got a big
idea. Whether it's good or not, nobody's
really like pushing up against it or
challenging it." Yeah. Yeah. Or even
offering like a different perspective,
right? Which is too bad because because,
you know, in one case, you might be able
to talk them into a different idea
that's better or you might just be able
to strengthen the idea in general versus
like, yes, we will do it. Exactly. And I
I really get the sense that that is what
happened here with this. Um, yeah. And
and this is really a non a non-answer.
Like it's it $10 is not like a crazy
price to argue over. Will you pay $10?
No, I'll buy it for $10. Okay, great.
I'll check it out. See, for me, it's the
principle of it. I just can't get over
that. Okay. Like it just it's it's just
so wrong, you know, for for something
that really could show you um like what
is cool about the system. Like for
someone that like me that's not super
interested in tech and specs, but like
if you had a fun little packin that
would give me that information, it would
just give me so much more affinity for
the product that I just paid $450 for
that I I want to start to love. Like I I
love my Switch. I want to start to like
integrate this new thing into my life
for probably eight plus years. Like why
would you not want to give me like a
feel-good thing to let me learn and and
like kind of fall in love with the
system? You really have to charge me $10
for that. I'm not paying for that. It's
ridiculous. PlayStation 5 launched with
that Astrobot game. You know what that
You know what that system sold for?
$500. You take that out, how much you
get? $449. The same as a Switch. Look at
that. Makes you think, huh? This This is
basically you're just shooting yourself
in the in the foot. Welcome Tour World
Tour could have been game of the year
2026. And since you did not pack this
in, it's not going to happen. Yikes.
There were some comments about the
developer of Donkey Kong Bonanza, which
people have pointed out is a mystery.
Interestingly, I think a lot of people
have most people have settled on the
notion that it's done by the Tokyo team
that did
Mario Odyssey and all the other recent
um 3D Mario games, but Nintendo just
won't say. They're doing that thing
again where they're getting ky about
stuff for no reason. But Bill did have a
quote. Here's what he said. It's a very
good question. You'll have to stay
tuned. I won't be answering. We always
like to start by showcasing the game and
getting people focused on the game play,
but we'll have some information to share
about the developer in due time. How
would that distract me from the
gameplay, Chris? It might just make me
more excited about the game play. Now,
this is the thing. They like made like a
blanket rule about how there's somebody
like you. Well, I think it's Mr.
Takahashi. It's probably Mr. Tagashi who
made like some silly blanket rule that
was
like we need people to not focus on the
people even when it's good news that
would get people really excited. Yeah.
We need them to not focus on the people
that are doing these things. We are
we're basically like a conglomerate blob
of of Nintendo of Nintendo making stuff
and that's what we got to keep people
focused on. Like for god forbid we have
a face behind anything. A game ma made
by the 3D Mario team is just as good as
an external team making Princess Peach
Showtime. They're basically the same.
Basically the same. Basically the same
thing. Yes. Uh I've seen some people
asking like if we're so sure then who
cares? I'll tell you why I care and I'd
like to know why you care. I'm cur
there's multiple people inside that
studio who are capable of leading games.
Right. So you have uh Mr. Modokura who
led Odyssey and then you have Mr.
Hayashida who led Super Mario 3D Land
and Captain Toad and some other things.
So I'm thinking about the possibility of
when might a 3D Mario game be coming. Do
we have to set the clock at seven years
from now or is there maybe somebody else
toiling away on that kind of in parallel
to this? That's why I would like to
know. That's
exactly what that's one of two reasons
why I deeply care. I definitely care
because we had expected a 3D Mario game
to launch the to be announced during
that Switch to Direct and we got this
great game, a 3D Donkey Kong game. It
looks fantastic. We're both super super
excited about it. But I am still holding
out a little bit of hope that a 3D Mario
game is coming pretty soon. Yes. Like we
we do think that there is like that
window of the holiday season where
there's got to be another surprise,
another big, you know, AAA Nintendo game
that they haven't told us about yet. So
is there is that happening or have the
teams focused on this 3D donkey because
this game is coming out in July and at
this point I I don't think they would do
th this July and that in November but
but it is a question of like would it be
you know maybe a year later or six years
later. Yeah. And also I would like to
know because the scope of the game could
feel really different like if it's a Mr.
Hayashida game like I can imagine it
being like very like almost like a
little bit more puzzle focused. Maybe
there is some elements, you know, we
were talking to Steven Datilla about his
hands-on um of this game. Like it felt
like it was very like see if you can
break this world and like you go as far
as you think you can go um in terms of
like breaking this world and and that's
a different vibe than like sort of the
exploratory kind of sense of an Odyssey
game. So I think it it would just give
me a clue about like what what am I
going to get into in terms of in in
terms of the type of game this is. So,
I'm just I'm curious to know about that,
you know, and and I think that that's
important information to share with
people. I mean, maybe they have a time
in mind where they're going to be
telling us about that more, but I would
like to know, right? Right. There there
must be presumably some reason. I mean,
it sounds like we will we will find out.
They didn't say like, "Oh, you know, we
we're going to No, they have a they have
a plan for it's not like that one time
where they were like Doug Doug was like,
just read the credits." Yeah, they have
a plan for this. Yeah, we don't yet know
what that plan is. Okay,
Hall effect Joy Con. This is some
interesting information. I was surprised
that they addressed this the way that
they did. So Nate got asked, I believe
it was Nintendo Life that asked the
question. Um, and they just straight up
asked, "Are the Joy-Con using Hall
effect sticks?" And Nate's answer was,
"Well, the Joycon 2's controllers have
been designed from the ground up. They
are not Hall effect sticks, but they
feel really good. Did you experience
both the Joy-Con and the Pro Controller?
And then they go on to talk about how
the the sticks are very quiet. And
that's something that in the ask the
developer, they also talked about like
it's very smooth, it's very quiet.
Um, some consternation about this reveal
today. Yeah, people were a little bit
disappointed, I think, that it's not
using hol effect sticks because of the
Joy-Con drift stuff. I mean,
I I trust that they have design
redesigned these controllers and fixed
any issues. You seem less hopeful that
this is the case. I I'm wondering like
how like could they be bigraining
themselves into the wrong solution to
this? Again, like this was a this became
a legal issue. So, yes. Again, like what
what does your decision imply about the
thing that you did the last time? Oh,
you're thinking they don't want to take
a blame. potentially wrong. It's like,
oh, oh, so you so you did have a problem
last time, which is why you moved to
this. Yeah. Okay. Versus like trying
your hardest to make something that
actually is better. I mean, it's great
that they're trying. It's great that
they can acknowledge that, but I I I
just wonder about the role of all of
that muddying the whole conversation
around this. That's true. I love Nate's
answer because it's like the classic
misdirect answer where it's like I don't
really want to get into the details of
this because it can be a murky legal
right kind of the legal team that
reviewed this Q&A were like don't go
there you could get so he said let's
read this again they're not hall effect
sticks but they feel really good you
experience it I am moving you off of
this topic right now that's exactly that
is exactly why we're not talking about
this we're talking about your experience
with it yeah you he those very savvy
savvy Nate good job this This is called
bridging. So he basically yeah he
distracted the Nintendo life person by
asking him he turned the question on him
and said did you experience it and how
about the pro controller and then got
him talking about the pro controller. So
now you're off of the Joy-Con and then
the Nintendo Live person asked them
about Mother 3 and then their
credibility was ruined. They may not be
invited back next time.
Oops. Interesting stuff.
Last thing here that we want to talk
about. This is maybe communications
nerdiness by our part, but so we talked
at the top about the Q&A and how this is
this voluminous thing that covers all of
these different topics. There's
something that's even more um high level
than that, which we call the key message
architecture. Yeah. where it's like
beyond any individual questions that
you're asked, it's like what are the
three or four takeaways about this thing
in general that you want people to come
away with? And we saw both Doug and Bill
open high-profile interviews with this.
So, we can basically tell this is the
thing that they want you to know about
the Switch 2. And the thing that they
want you to know is the thing that they
think is the most important thing about
Switch 2. And so it really sets the
stage for if you remember anything,
remember this. Yeah, it really sets the
stage for like the stuff that they're
going to be continuing to push about
Switch 2. Um, so yeah, I I I nerd out
over this stuff because I'm always like,
what is what do they want me to say
think versus what I think for myself,
you know? So yeah, you can read it. I'm
going to read it for you. For us, the
most important thing is we really want
people to recognize and understand that
here it comes. Nintendo Switch 2 is the
true successor to Nintendo Switch. Takes
what you love about Nintendo Switch and
then builds on it with a whole lot of
new features and new capabilities and
new games that take advantage of those
and really takes what has evolved gaming
with Nintendo into something that's a
lot more social through things like Game
Chat, which takes what was the anytime,
anywhere play of Nintendo Switch and
makes it all more all together anytime,
anywhere. Oh, he even he even put in the
the the tagline into his answer. Wow,
Bill. So, this this is again,
congratulations. Let's all say this
together a thousand times. Let's hold
hands and drill it into our memories on
a on a grassy mountain top, right? Um,
but yeah, this this is the one thing
that Nintendo wants us, the the the
fans, the customer to take away from the
Switch to the Switch 2 event and like
really drill into us like this is what
is special about the Switch 2. Does this
work for you as a as kind of a highle
key message?
For me, the first half of it does, the
second half does not. I was going to say
the first half of it around like being a
true successor like building upon what
you love. We just want to make the thing
that you love bigger and better. Love
that makes sense and and it totally
plays out with what the system is like
when you when you actually look at the
technical capabilities and what the
system is. It is a a factual way to
describe it. The second part, the social
part, which we kind of sniffed out in
the direct when they spent like five
minutes on this game chat thing, is
something that I think Nintendo, the dev
teams are really excited about. This
game chat thing and they're really
excited about this like kind of like a
almost like a rosecolor colored glasses
view of like, oh, now you can have this
like fuzzy moment of connecting with
your friend that lives far away. You
guys can play Mario Kart together. Isn't
that cute? like they they want you to
have that like emotional thing tied to
this game chat thing, but I don't know
if it's going to play out that way.
Yeah, I think a lot of people are
unconvinced on this, but again, like
that is a message that we would often
try to push as hard as we can because it
was a differentiator of, you know, the
social aspect of these systems and these
games. So, I can understand why they
tried to put it in there. Yeah, for
sure. So, we spent all morning reading
through these. People have been spending
all day talking about this new
information. There was so much new
information. Was this ultimately a good
strategy to have all of these people who
did these interviews wait until today
versus in the moment as that event was
happening? I think it I mean I I see
what they're trying to do. They're
trying to like parse out the volume of
information, but I think that they were
in a really, you know, unique
circumstance last week with all of the
sort of the the outcry that came out of
the the pricing um you know, the the the
the pricing
outrage and it seemed like it would it
was a mistake for them to hold these
like it. Do you have something to say?
The problem with this is they only gave
us they gave us an incomplete story of
the Switch 2 last week, right? And the
stuff that made it whole is the stuff
that only came out today. The
explanation behind the pricing, some of
the I don't know like why not confirm
the pricing for things like welcome to
why not? Why would you wait until days
later when people are just like can you
just not say that? I it makes no sense.
And especially as people were were
flooding their Treehouse Live comments
with stuff like this as as they're
seeing the confusion and the the rage
like play out over the last few days.
You couldn't just have released this
stuff. Like I don't understand. Just
tweet it out. Just put it on Nintendo
today. This will be $10. Just just do
it. So yeah, it's weird that they stuck
to they like it was very like let's
stick to the plan no matter what without
any sort of flexibility on like read the
room and and see what you actually need
to address. But again, like this this
notion of like splitting up the
information into these two chunks, like
couldn't couldn't they have known that
people would really want to know the
answers to some of these basic
fundamental questions or that when we're
just rolling out a big like really
paradigm changing thing like $80 games
of like, oh, you can wait till Monday to
find out. We'll talk about it then.
Well, they didn't even tell us that.
They just were silent. People want to
know. Exactly. It wasn't even like,
okay, I will wait till Monday, I guess.
It was just silent. Like people really
need this information to come to grips
with what this new platform is. Like I'm
going to be living with this for the
next seven to eight years. I'd really
like to understand it. And like they are
just like well I'm not going to tell you
now. Yeah. The the lack of flexibility
and the lack of you know being able to
kind
of adjust to changing situations is
really a sign of how out of practice
they are in terms of communications.
Because like we were saying like this is
a muscle that you didn't have to
exercise for a long time. You didn't
have any sort of big issues like this
when when switch was doing well. This is
sort of the first time where there is
like so many factors that had come into
play um that made this a really
challenging reveal you know announcement
for them and the the inability of them
to be flexible in the face of that is
really a showcase of like oh they they
have really like they've not they've not
practiced this there's some other stuff
that I'm more forgiving of of being
buried in interview like this Hall
effect stuff like they were not going to
proactively bring that up anyway so it's
fine that that just you know we'll
answer it if asked but if not we're
going to pretend it doesn't exist. So, I
really think like yes, do the interviews
and just let people run them in the
moment when they're ready. Why wouldn't
you do that? I don't know. Just just let
the people these days, they can take in
a lot of information. We are all We are
all used to we all trained to being
bombarded with information that changes
fast. We want it all. That's how the
that's how people are today, right? And
it's like, oh, well, you not you can't
handle this. You need it on Monday.
Yeah. There's a lot of Did you see
everything that happened between
Wednesday and Monday? Yeah. There's a
lot of things that they did in this
whether it's around like you know not
putting the prices in a place that was
very accessible to you to the way that
they really wanted to like curb the roll
out of information that was like a
little bit insulting to the intelligence
of the consumer. Yeah. It's like we got
to baby you because we don't think you
can handle us telling you what the
prices are. So we got to put it in these
other ways. Oh, you can't handle all
this information. we have to we have to
spoon feed it to you very slowly because
you can possibly be intelligent enough
to understand all this information that
we're giving you. Um it's a little bit
insulting. It's like just give us the
information so we can
we can make our own decision based on
our own factors. Like you don't need to
spoon feed this stuff to me. I'm good.
You know, I'm an adult. I'm good. But
meanwhile, their my Nintendo pre-order
program started in some regions like
that's already completed. People know if
they're getting a system or not.
you need to know this information to
come to an informed decision. So
ultimately, I do think spacing them out
was the wrong approach. I think so, too.
And and if this was sort of the approach
that they had, they're like, if
everything went completely smooth and it
was like positively 100%, we're going to
roll it out this way. It might have been
a little bit more forgivable. But
because so much stuff was happening in
contrary
to and that could have been kind of
fixed by having this information out
there, it was I'm less forgiving. Here's
something else. You can change an
embargo if it's, you know, you do the
interview on Wednesday, you get to
Thursday, the thing blows up in your
face, you can get on the phone and say,
"Hey, Gene Park, actually run it. Run it
now or run it tomorrow." Exactly. Before
Monday. That's the whole point of having
these relationships with these media
people. And they would be glad to do it.
They'll be like, "Great. I was done
anyway." You know, great. people want
this now. Might have to do a little like
overnight work, but I mean they they
will they won't be like that'll get some
clicks. Yeah. Yeah. It's not like people
are going to be like, "No, you told me
the embargo was this day and I can't I
can't change it. It's too bad." You
know, the sanctity of the embargo must
be respected. We chiseled this embargo
into the marble and all the sanctity of
the embargo. Yes. Wow. Anyhow, I'm sure
that more things are going to come out
and we'll be on. What will it be
tomorrow? I don't know. It's just an
adventure every day. Well, what does
happen next? So that's true. What has
happened there? We So the direct is
happening. Yes. Mario pre-ord pre-orders
or not. This direct is happening.
They've already announced that date.
Yeah. There is discussion on the tariff
thing of like, oh, is it going to
change? We still don't know yet. Right.
That's in our region in the US region.
We we said where we live where we live
where we exist. There's some questions.
That's that's still a big thing. And
there's also like a discussion of like,
oh, might these get postponed by 90
days? I don't think that's a good thing
for them. They want to know now cuz they
need to start the 90 days the thing's
going to be out.
Well, we won't get too much into that.
Oh, no. That'll be a whole other topic.
But yeah, they they I think they they
would love to have a fast resolution to
that question, but they may but they may
not get it. Yeah, because it's out of
their hands. This is one of I was just
going to say this is one of those things
where you can't fault them. This is
completely out of their hands. They're
also waiting and seeing what to do.
Um anyways, we we will we that's
separate video. We're going to get into
that later, but let us know if you have
been reading all of the stuff that's
come out from these interviews. If
there's any like maybe you found a solid
gold nugget, tell me if you have found
like an interesting tidbit or a a nugget
in there. Leave it in the comments. I
think we're just all kind of doing the
same thing and like sifting through all
these and seeing what kinds of questions
they are answering. Again, a little bit
strange for them to expect us all to
like piece meal it together like this,
but here we are. We're This is our group
project now until until the Switch 2
launches. So, please uh contribute if
you can. Um we will be back with more
videos this week, I'm sure. Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. Um we'll see you guys later.
Bye. Bye.
[Music]