What's up, guys? Welcome back to
Newsweave. Yesterday, we did have that
massive switch to direct that went on
for a bit more than an hour, and there
was a lot of information packed in. So
much so that I decided to divide a lot
of it up into different sections over
the next several days just to try to
cover all of it. And actually, today
we'll be discussing some of the backlash
that's hit around the pricing, as well
as some of the confusion that's followed
along. we'll get to the bottom of
Nintendo actually setting a new price
point for video games. It it seems we
also had a stupid amount of games that
were announced and I wrote all of them
down and we'll go over it line by line
line where more than 50 games were shown
off in that direct. And then we quietly
had our first look at the Switch 2 UI
and the eShop. And guess what? It looks
like it's at least running well better.
All of that and more. So if you guys
enjoy these videos, make sure you hit
that like button. Helps out a ton. And
if new here to the Spawn Wave channel,
and especially if you're trying to keep
up with all of the Switch 2 mayhem
that's ongoing, make sure you subscribe
down below. And of course, members for
the channel do get NewsWave early. If
you would like to learn more about that,
click the join button or the link in the
description down below. And we're going
to start today with pre-orders for the
Switch, too, as that has become now a
major concern for people online after
seeing the device. Because pricing
aside, it does look like Nintendo is
turning in a a pretty solid technical
device here, at least from the side of
specifications and the screen and other
parts of it for this handheld. Well, we
can see this was posted up. Now, I first
saw this uh by Jake Randall who posted
that Best Buy's pre-orders, those will
be April 9th online and through that
Best Buy mobile app. That's going to be
for instore pickup. So, unfortunately,
you can't go to the store, it seems, to
pre-order it. you're have to fight
everyone else online when those go live,
which I'm sure Best Buy servers be able
to handle that no problem. The website
certainly won't struggle or crash. Uh,
but let's say you do get your pre-order
in. Stores will open at midnight on June
5th, so you can get your console
immediately on launch day if
pre-ordered. Now, to me, this is good
news. Not necessarily just because Best
Buy is doing it, but because I feel like
other locations will be following suit
around this time for April 9th and maybe
even following suit for the midnight
release. For me, I'd like to go into a
store and get a pre-order in there in
person. And I'm thinking GameStop might
be the way to go for that. But I will
also be trying here with Best Buy. I
want to try to get another one so we can
do the full tear down and check
everything out about not only the
system, but also the doc. But good luck
to everyone. I'm sure it's going to be
uh ridiculous trying to order this
device on April 9th. Also, while there
was a lot of discussion around the paid
updates and upgrades for Switch to
Switch 2 games, there's also a number of
titles that seem to just be getting
free, I guess smaller upgrades. This you
can see over on Nintendo's website, and
they have a list of several games,
saying that the free updates to improve
playability on the Nintendo Switch 2
system will be released for Select
Switch games. By connecting your Switch
uh Switch 2 to the internet, you can
download free updates that may improve
performance or add support for features
such as game share in select games. The
content of these free updates will
differ depending on the game. And you
can see a list of them here. ARMS, Super
Mario Odyssey, Mario 3D World, Bowser's
Fury, Links Awakening, New Super Mario
Bros. U Deluxe, and exactly what I was
expecting, Pokemon Scarlet and Violet.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen, it appears
that the update that will fix Scarlet
and Violet is indeed the Switch 2. I've
been joking about that for a while, but
Nintendo uh decided to make me right
seemingly on. Although, we'll see when
when all this happens and comes out and
we try the update if Scarlet and Violet
can hit that uh that illustrious 30 FPS.
Oh, and we had a very interesting press
release that was pushed out there for
Cyberpunk 2077 Ultimate Edition on the
Switch 2, which of course is part of
that big direct. But take a look at
this. They go over some of the features
here. Now, it does include the base game
and Phantom Liberty all in one ultimate
package. The game does take advantage of
Switch 2's features. That includes the
gyroscope aiming, motion controls,
touchscreen commands, and the mouse
support. And get this, they're going to
have it on a 64 GB game cartridge. You
can, of course, do the digital download
and just buy it that way. The idea of a
64 GB cartridge finally showing up from
Nintendo and it being in a launch game
with Cyberpunk 2077 is awesome. Like I'm
I'm glad to see this is the case. But
interestingly enough that uh CD Project
used a 32 GB cartridge for The Witcher 3
and now they're also using the right now
the largest capacity uh cartridge for
Cyberpunk 2077. They've kind of been on
the cutting edge of that idea with
storage size for these game cards and
making sure the entire game is there.
Unfortunately, which I'll go over in a
separate video. Not the case for all of
these publishers, as many of them, I
think, are going to be leveraging what's
called a game key, but more on that
later. And guys, with some of the quick
news out of the way, let's get into the
bigger stuff. Let's start right away
with Nintendo and backlash with
controversy around game pricing. Now,
this actually comes from Nintendo from a
first-party perspective, not some third
party that's trying to push the
boundaries, say, of game pricing, as
we've heard that maybe Rockstar and Take
2 would try to do that with GTA 6 up to
$100 maybe for that game. Turns out,
hey, maybe GTA 6 the whole time with
Rockstar and Take 2, they're waiting for
Nintendo to to set the the high water
mark in the market because it appears
they have indeed done that. Now again,
there was some confusion around this,
but Mario Kart World appears to be the
first $80 video game. Yeah, I say again,
the first $80 video game is Mario Kart
World from Nintendo. Some of the
confusion around this, it seemed at
first some were thinking there was like
an $80 version and a $90 version. I
think again this is going to be
regional. So for me in the US, it
appears that Mario Kart World is just
$80 across the board. And we can confirm
this a couple of different ways. one, if
we look on Nintendo's site, they pushed
this uh out actually yesterday afternoon
after everybody's been discussing this
back and forth with spotty sources and
people pulling stuff from different
manufactur or different retailer
websites. Um, we can see this though.
They go down all the pricing here line
by line. We have the Switch 2 $450. I
don't think anyone's too I don't think
anyone's too like surprised at that
price point, especially after the
presentation and some of the technical
details that were shown off, but when we
saw Mario Kart World, I think everyone
was surprised. It's $79.99. Now, that
seems to be across the board. It is the
MSRP suggested and I mean of course
stores can mark it up if they want but
it's not the suggested price and you
most likely will find it at $79.99
elsewhere even physically which for
example we can show here Best Buy had
their listings go live during the
afternoon and it is indeed sitting there
at $80 for the physical version. Now,
this seems to be the mark that they are
I guess setting for their big big titles
because Donkey Khong Bonanza is
$70, which I I guess is like the would
have normally been the $60 game last
generation because we did get Tears of
the Kingdom at 70 or it's like the 60 or
$50 game, right? But Mario Kart World at
$80 is uh not a great look. And this is
certainly something where people are
like, "Oh, it was great up until the
price at the end." Which if you'll
notice, Nintendo at the end of the
presentation very quickly left. It was
like, "Oh, what's the price point? We'll
see you guys next time. Look out for
more information later on." And this was
kind of it. We'll push those details out
there because it's not something that's
uh great for us necessarily. I will say
looking at this, if you're going to get
Mario Kart anyway, and I hate to say it
because you're going to get it
digitally, then it's just going to be a
code in the box. I mean, the bundle is
the way to go, obviously. Otherwise,
it's 450 plus 80. You're at 530 as
opposed to 500 for the Mario Kart World
Switch 2 bundle, and that kind of makes
the most sense for most people out there
who'd be looking to to pick this one up.
It's almost like Nintendo is trying to
push you towards that version of the
system. almost like they kind of want to
charge $500 for the system but realize
that it's like oh that might be pushing
it a little too much. Now I will say
this feels very expensive for Nintendo
like across the board $450 system. You
look at the Pro Controller and stuff
that's what like $80. The Joy-Cons are
$90 for the pair and then you see $70
seems to be like what's going to be
their more standard rate for uh for
games is this is starting to feel more
Applelike as we go along. People have
compared Nintendo to Disney for their
intellectual property protection and
value. They're starting to look more and
more like Apple when it comes to the the
pricing around some of their stuff. I
will say the market is way different now
versus when the Switch came out in 2017,
especially with these PC handhelds all
over the place. I felt like 450 was
about right just based on what you see a
Rag Ally or a Steam Deck or anything
else being priced at. 450 seems to fit
that market. But that's the cheapest
system they have for the Switch 2.
They've kind of rolled along here with a
$200 Switch Light for quite some time,
which was great for the the the like the
lower end of the market in terms of
pricing. I'm curious what's going to
happen when $450 is the cheapest version
of the system. doesn't really feel like
something a parent would buy for their
kids. But maybe Nintendo's fine with
that with the Switch, the current Switch
existing maybe for more of a prolonged
cross generation period, especially with
Switch games already being announced for
2026. We could be seeing maybe three
years of crossgen support and then
eventually they can get the Switch 2
down in terms of pricing. But certainly
expensive here at launch. I think many
people are looking as like, oh, I'm
probably spending like upwards of $700
all in for a Pro Controller, the system,
some games, and then you got to look
towards that newer SD card. Lot to
consider there as we head towards June.
Next up, let's talk about Gamecube
coming to the Switch, too. Exciting
stuff. Obviously, I'm I'm very happy to
see this become a reality, even though
it was completely expected. We have the
the FCC stuff get out there that
appeared to be that new Wave Bird
controller. And we've had rumors since
like the beginning of time. It feels
like that GameCube would eventually make
its way to Nintendo's uh Switch or
Switch 2 platform. But here we are with
the trailer. You can see it here. And we
do have three games that'll be there at
launch. This entire service, by the way,
this update for NSO will be going live
on launch day, June 5th for the Switch
2. We have The Legend of Zelda: Wind
Waker, Soulcalibur 2, of course, with
Link as the guest character, and
F-ZeroGX, all being available at launch.
They say it's going to be better
resolution, and they even mentioned
clearer image quality, which almost
feels kind of like a nod towards maybe
specialized upscaling like DLSS
potentially. Uh, that'll be interesting
just to see this in action. You know, a
nice OLED display in front of you there.
So, I'm thinking like 4K Gamecube games
that are cleaned up even further. Okay,
that that would be really cool to see.
It also has the online game chat
features where you can do voice chat and
I guess share screen, all that stuff
with uh with friends as they do have a C
button on the new GameCube wireless
controller that will be coming as well
at launch day. I will be buying I think
at least two of those right away because
of course we want to take one apart and
stuff and I just want to have one that's
nice and not opened up and stuff that I
can use. Uh but they also went over a
bunch of future games that were that
were shown here. There are some good
ones. Mario Sunshine, Fire Emblem, Path
of Radiance, Pokemon XD, Mario Strikers,
the the Gamecube Mario Strikers was
awesome. I'll be playing that
constantly, especially with like online
support. It' be really cool. ChibiRobo,
Luigi's Mansion, and Pokemon Colosseum.
So, the the list here of games that are
coming up is great. Three games to start
is a little light. Although I do
understand GameCube games a bit bigger
than the Super Nintendo, Nintendo, even
N64 games. When Nintendo drops one of
these, like a Fire Emblem or Luigi's
Mansion or Mario Sunshine, I mean, those
are pretty large games. So, I feel like
they're going to do one release every
month or every 40 days, and it'll feel
like a big release when they do it. So,
that is exciting stuff. Pokemon XD is
one in particular because that has just
gotten more and more expensive online.
It'll be cool to see it just drop into
the service and people can play through
the singleplayer like Pokemon adventure
game that was actually pretty
interesting. So, it'll be fun to see
these releases as we go through at least
the first year I feel like is what we've
seen here with the road map and then who
knows after that. Some very very uh
intriguing titles I think that are out
there for the Gamecube that hopefully
they can set up some deals with third
parties even to get them on the system
after seeing Soulcalibur 2. Some high
hopes for it. Next up, let's talk about
all the games that were announced in the
Switch 2 Direct. And guys, I got to go
fast because there were I counted 54
games that were shown off here. And
that's not including any of the Switch 2
enhanced titles. I think if you throw
those in, it's roughly 60 games. Let's
start from the top here with the Direct.
Starting with Mario Kart World, of
course, that is a launch game. We also
have Switch to Welcome Tour launch game.
Metroid Prime 4 Beyond and Pokemon
Legends EA. I threw both of these in
here because they're not out yet and
they're just going to have Switch 2
versions of the game. So, not really
falling into that enhanced uh games from
the past just yet. We have Drag X Drive,
that's summer 2025. Elder Ring Tarnished
Edition. This uh it seems to include
Shadow the Tree as well with it. That's
2025. Hades 2. We have Street Fighter 6
local wireless play new amiiOs. That is
a launch title. Damon X Machina Titanic
Scion. That's September 5th. Split
Fiction. That's a launch game. EA steps
in with we have uh this FC and then we
also have Madden NFL. Hogwarts Legacy
has mouse controls, better visuals and
stuff. That's a launch game. Tony Pros
Skater 3 plus 4 summer 2025. Hitman
World of Assassination. That's a launch
game. Project 007. Uh we've seen it like
twice and I think it's the same trailer.
Would like to see more but good at least
here to to have it and it coming to the
Switch too. Bravely Default Flying
Fairy. That's a remaster of of Bravely
Default in HD. That is a launch game.
Yakuza Zero Director's Cut, newly added
cut scenes, also a launch game. Hyrule
Warriors Age of Imprisonment story
leading into Tears of the Kingdom,
that's coming out in the winter time.
Delta Rune, that's a launch game.
Borderlands 4 2025. Civilization 7, we
have mouse controls make sense for it.
That is a launch game. WWE 2K and NBA 2K
are coming to the Switch, too. Survival
Kids, that's a launch game. Enter the
Dungeon 2. Then we have Star Seeker
Astronineir Expeditions. That's 2026.
Cyberpunk 2077 Ultimate Edition as we
talked about previously in the show.
That is a launch game. Final Fantasy 7
remake integrated. And then we go into
the sizzle reel. We have Kitsugami Path
of the Goddess. That's a launch game.
Hollow Night Silkong 2025. Great to see
it there for all of 5 seconds. Story of
Seasons Grand Bizaar. That's August
27th, 2025. Goodn Night Universe 2025.
Twooint Museum 2025. Wildarts S July
25th, 2025. Witchbrook, that's in the
holiday. Puy Puya Tetris 2s, that's the
launch game. Rune Factory: Guardians of
IO, that's a launch game. Marvel Cosmic
Invasion Holiday 2025. Star Wars Outlaws
is 2025. Nobanaga's Ambition Awakening
Complete Edition is a launch game, as
well as Fast Fusion from Shinnen.
That'll be there at launch. This one got
kind of glossed over. I I would like to
see this a bit more. I mean, they did
some really cool stuff with the Switch
One and higher frame rate, clean
visuals. I think they're going to have a
blast here with the Switch 2. Shadows
Labyrinth, that's July 18th, 2025. Ryu
remastered June 19th 2025. No sleep for
Kame date that's July 25th 2025.
Reanimal in 2025. Fortnite will be
there. It's a launch title. Arcade
Archives 2 ridge racer it's a launch
game. Professor Leighton in the New
World of Steam 2025. Tamagotchi Plaza
June 27th 2025. Human Fall Flat 2. Then
we move out of the sizzle reel into the
Dusk Bloods that's from Soft.
Multiplayer focused. I believe this is a
PVPVE title 2026. It's exclusive to the
Switch, too. Bit of a shock there for a
lot of people, but Nintendo and Fromoft
getting together here for a Soulslike
experience next year with multiplayer
elements for their new hybrid system.
That is that's one to keep an eye on
here. And then Kirby Air Riders,
Saccharai coming in here with the
directing it. Uh, it's been like 20
years since it came out, since the last
one came out on the Gamecube, and it's
releasing this year, 2025. They closed
out with Donkey Kong Bonanza, which I
think looks awesome, like the
destructible landscapes and
environments. Looks like absolute chaos
here. I can only imagine what some of
the boss battles will look like, but
it's fun to see a new 3D Donkey Kong
game after the last one with being
Donkey Kong 64, which is an eternity
ago, and it's coming out relatively
soon, July 17th, 2025. So guys, I wasn't
kidding. There was a lot of stuff here.
I rapidfired through a lot of it, but as
I mentioned, about 54 different games,
not including the enhanced titles. So
Nintendo certainly showed up here with
all kinds of stuff to show off for
release and a lot of launch titles as
well from third parties. So certainly
won't be a a small selection when this
system releases June 5th. That's great
to see because when the first Switch
came out, the current one, uh, small
lineup of titles at launch, I mean, if
you look at the eShop, there's images of
it. I mean, they couldn't even fill out
the first page. There's like five or six
games that were there or something. So,
this is this is much much better. And it
shows the difference between coming off
of the Wii U and coming off of the
massive success of the Switch. Turns out
third parties want to be here for the
successor to uh Nintendo's bestselling
system at this point with with the
Switch. So, exciting stuff. Good to see
them at least show up with a ton of
games to give you a reason to want to
buy the
$450 system. And in our last bit of
news, let's talk about a quick look at
the Switch 2 UI, which we might see more
of today or tomorrow at the Treehouse,
as well as our first real look at the
eShop in action. So, first, if we head
over here to Nintendo's website, they
put out a bunch of like interviews and
stuff with some of the developers and
creators behind it, as well as just
overall howto for the Switch 2. for
example, how to purchase an upgrade
pack. And people noticed one of the
screenshots appears to show the UI. Now,
you have to zoom in a bit, but it does
indeed look like the the Switch One user
interface. I mean, like to a tea almost.
Now, it does appear they have different
icons. Of course, they have different
animations with like the swirling circle
there. So, not exactly the same, but it
it's close, guys. I mean, I I was kind
of hoping for something a bit different.
I mean, the the current Switch UI, it
works, right? It it is. I mean, it's
it's functional almost to a fault
because there's really not a lot of fun
bells and whistles or anything. A lot of
that was removed to make it as fast as
possible, but then as more and more got
added on, especially with eShop, it
slowed to a crawl anyway. So, it's like,
okay, what are we what are we doing
here? You might as well throwing themes
on here because it's already lagging
when you when you get to the eShop as it
is. But at least in this case, the eShop
does seem to be running quite a bit
better as they showed that off when the
what's new ask developer volume 16
section here where they show the eShop
actually moving between different
trailers and then jumping back to the
product page and actually being a pretty
smooth experience overall. Now, they
also had on the left side feature
titles. They have game finds for you.
So, the idea is they're going to
recommend titles to you based on what
you've been playing. You can also have a
nice little wish list here of things set
up, great deals, bestselling software,
recent releases coming soon, and of
course, NSO and enter code. So, to me,
this just looks like the kind of the
current eShop. Little more added to it,
but significantly smoother. And here's
the thing, it's still has the amount of
content that the eShop has now since
we're expecting just about all of it,
minus some smaller titles here and
there, to be backwards compatible and
available right then and there. So,
you're still dealing with the same
packed eShop, but it's of course better
hardware. Like, I think it's
significantly better hardware, by the
way. They're not letting on to it just
yet, but Digital Foundry will dive into
it, I'm sure, and find some fairly
impressive jumps over the current
Switch. So, what we're seeing right now
is them taking advantage of it with the
eShop and it just running way better,
which is great because that means using
it, yes, but just browsing in general is
back on the table because it's like just
about impossible on the current Switch.
So, good to see they realized that
feedback and seem to have cleaned it up
a bit to where it is usable. Now, the
only disappointment for me is it doesn't
really have that generation to
generation change when it comes to the
user interface. However, I'm sure some
people out there are actually happy to
hear that it's still fairly simplistic
and I have to assume extremely fast. And
before we go to the comment of the day,
we'll take a look at the poll that I
posted up yesterday where I asked, "Give
the Switch to direct a grade." Look at
that.
61% said A, 27% said B. So, I mean, just
like 88% of people are like a B or
above. 9% said C and then 4% said D.
Now, I will say I was looking through
the comments um and it seemed like a lot
of people said, "Wow, this was an A."
Until I saw the pricing. Technically,
the pricing wasn't part of the I get
what you're saying, but like they didn't
go into detail about the pricing during
the direct. Afterwards though, yes,
that's that's when things fell apart for
a lot of people. It's like all that
looked really cool. It's like I I've
said Apple before, right? I that that
was like a comparable there. It's like
when Apple shows you some really cool
stuff that all just works seamlessly and
you're an Apple fan and then you get to
the price, you're like, "Wow, that is
thousands of dollars." It's not as
extreme here clearly cuz we're talking
about like a $450 system and then $80
games, but you get the idea. It's just
it's more expensive than a lot of people
were thinking for something like Mario
Kart World. And you do feel kind of like
they're they're trying to take advantage
of the situation here. Nintendo with
Mario Kart, which sold incredibly well
during the the Switch's life, which
wasn't even a new Mario Kart. So, it's
like, "Oh, now we get the new Mario
Kart." Oh, and it's also $80. Thanks,
Nintendo. So, I understand why. And
you're like immediately like, I'm taking
it down a couple notches. But for the
Direct itself, 54 games. I mean, quite a
few. The hardware looks great.
Yeah, I'm inclined for that part to
actually go with an A here because it
seems like a good start to what is
shaping up to be a very expensive
generation. And we'll finish up with the
comment of the day, which I did pull
from the live stream that I did
yesterday. And I got to give a shout out
to everyone who tuned in. I didn't
really know how it would go because I
haven't done a live stream reacting to
any of the announcements or streams or
directs or state of plays or whatever in
a long time. But we actually capped out
at just about 15,000 concurrent people.
So, shout out to everyone who came out
for it. People who are gifting
memberships like Frans Me and stuff. It
It was awesome really just to see the
community and the interaction there. Uh,
but I actually pulled a comment from
that the the video on demand of that. It
is still up, but you can see this. It's
from Zullion who says, "I hope they
don't push the mouse gimmick too much. I
refuse to have a tables surface to play
in my bed sofa." So, sofa or bed. And
that was the thing I was a little
surprised about. No mention of an
accessory for a mouse pad. And that
seems almost obvious at this point to
have. And I guess technically you get
like a piece of wood or piece of plastic
or something and just put it next to you
and boom, there's a mouse pad. You feel
like there's a huge markup there for
Nintendo because they could probably
sell people a $30 mouse pad. Nintendo
brand the whole thing. I'm just a little
surprised they didn't take a shot at
that, but I'm sure some third party
will. Or who knows, maybe eventually
Nintendo does it and they have it so you
can change out like face plate things
for it and it's like themed and lot of
potential there for them to make money
but also be able to customize the
experience. It does feel like that mouse
feature will be used though quite a bit
by third parties and I assume first
parties even just be able to navigate
like the menu in the eShop would
actually I I think work really well with
mouse support. But yeah, you're right. I
don't know how well it's gonna work on
like a couch or in your bed. So, they
might want to start molding some plastic
and putting together some sort of mouse
pad. And ladies and gentlemen, that's
going to do it here for Newsweave. If
you enjoyed this video, guys, hit that
like button. If not, hit the dislike.
Leave comments down below about
everything we talked about here today.
Uh, if you missed yesterday's live
stream, hey, I'll leave it up here in a
card. Or maybe you want to hear a bit
more about how Nintendo actually
confused everyone when it came to that
game key. I'll leave that in a card
right below it. Thanks guys for watching
and I'll see you next