I've not seen such bravery. I'm here at
Game On Expo and I'm doing something I
didn't think I'd be doing. Today we are
collecting our childhood Super Nintendo
games. Those ones that we used to play
when we were kids. Now the key is for
this video is yeah, I want to say like
Mario World. We played that all the
time. We played Mario Kart all the time.
But what the goal is for this I was like
Ricky, let's find those games that have
like weird nostalgia for us. What are
the games that we played that most
people would be like that's weird. I
never really played that. the rentals,
the friends at the friends houses that
just have a weird place in your
childhood past. Ricky, are we gonna find
them all? I think we'll find 90% of
them. Let's show them what those games
are. The games
[Music]
are This video is brought to you by
Helix Sleeve. First booth. Looking again
at so many childhood amazing favorites,
but just not those ones that are
tickling our fancy from the child days.
Ricky, you got Final Fight 2, Mickey
Mania, Super Bomble Man, Fatal Fury 1 or
2, and Sunset Riders. Oh, I love it.
What kind of
psychopaths have a graded Maxi 15? It
was so quick. This place hasn't even
opened yet and I already found one on my
list of five. We're doing weirdest like
our childhood games that we loved. So,
what's the spot? Clay Fighter, Prince of
Persia, Legend of the Mystical Ninja,
Battle Toads and Battle
Maniacs, and
Cool Spa.
[Music]
So, the childhood love of this games was
just those summer days. We're California
boys. Something about playing like Cool
Spot in the summer with the stages and
the surfing and the feel. Fun fact about
this game, too. If you haven't played
it, it's like one of the more primo
sides scrolling platformer mechanics
within a platformer. It is super good.
It's super nice. Now, the real question
on it being a hidden gem now. Oh, shoot.
I mean, it sucks. There prices on it. It
says seven
up. No. No. All right. I won't ask for
the price on camera, but cut it. We'll
come back.
I can't believe it. Oh god. Gabbo, this
is why I don't let him film. Look at
what's happening right now. He's all
thumbs, dude. He's all thumbs. Wait,
what is happening? It's still recording.
That's a different channel, dude. That's
a different channel. As we're here, same
booth. Ricky, what just happened? Same
booth. I walk over where he was at. And
they have one of one of my list, Fatal
Fury 2. I used to rent the heck out of
this. I always loved Andy and Terry.
They're my favorite. This is one of your
five. is one of my
favorite liked them just I dude it's the
one I used to rent every like when we
went to the uh grocery store rental
store literally I probably rented this
one five times and I don't even know why
I I liked it.
and grocery store. Even though you said
an accent, I used to rent video games at
Vans at the at the grocery store. They
had a video game department. 7-Eleven.
7-Eleven. Seven Up. Hey, just be honest.
You like this game because of me.
[Music]
What's hard about this right now is
we're early on Friday, so not everyone
is even open yet. We're just kind of
Yeah, there's there's people that aren't
vendors that aren't even at the booths
right now. Yeah, they're like the tarps
are still down, so that's our fault.
Let's see any of them that we need here.
Uh, nope.
Oh, there it is. Boom. Just like that.
Clay Fighter. Are you ready?
Meet Mr. Frosty. Snowman with an
attitude. Clay Fighter. There it is.
Clay Fighter. The amount of times my
brothers and I would sing Clay Fighter.
Clay, Clay Fighter. Hit them, smack
them, they don't care.
Do I know if that's actually even the
right words? No. But that's what we
always sing. What I'm liking about this
little video, Ricky, with us is every
game we buy feels like it has purpose
and we get to tell like a tiny little
story behind every pickup.
Two down out of five for me, Ricky. One
[Music]
down. Look how cool the Mega Drive cover
is for Aladdin. It's just like so cut
straight from the freaking movie. It
looks so awesome. Gabo was looking at
this strider. The artwork for this is
just absolutely gorgeous. Wow, dude.
Look at that cover, bro. It's so sick.
It's minty, too. So, question. Best
strider. Best strider. Best strider.
Which one? Uh, I will say I have to go
with the original one. NES. Oh. Oh. Are
you going NES? You going arcade? Arcade.
Arcade. You go arcade. I love the NES
one. I I stick with NES as my favorite
version, which is probably the most
hated. You cannot fight me on the music
on the NES. Is
God wrong. What do you say? PS1. Strider
2. Yeah, that's a good one. I like the
PS4 version, too. Oh, I remember that
one. It's like a Metroenia. What's your
What's your favorite version of Strider?
Um, which which one? Strider. Yeah.
Strider 2. Strider 2. Yeah, the
PlayStation one. That was Ricky's
answer. Yeah, for real. All right. All
right. All right. It is better. Check
this shirt I just got from my boy [ __ ]
So, not only is it like the boxy
oversized fit, that's like what I wear,
boxy oversized shirts. It's kind of my
vibe. Look at this freaking shirt. Fight
straight. Obviously, he's a tattoo
artist. He has a very specific style
when he draws. That is
unbelievably freaking cool, dude. I was
I was going to buy one, but you are
buying that. I'm not wearing the same as
you wearing. But if you wear the same as
me, you'll be cool. Only the SoCal
shirts. Okay. So, remember Soal uh June
678. I like how to think. And Retro
World Expo, get all your tickets,
babies. Load up and lube
up. I just bought Zelda Ocarina of Time
and the Master Quest for the Gamecube
for dude 30. [ __ ] hooked it up. 30
bucks. So you ripped him off, dude. I
paid him full price for a shirt. Just a
little bit. I did. Yes. Did you use the
Bronco? He was on games all day. Did he
use the brom card? Yeah, he's wearing
it.
I can't take it. I can't take that one
out. You don't need to pull it out. Take
it out.
I want to be Ricky's baby.
Look at this Ricky. A lot of Super
Nintendo here. I will say Oh, dude.
Almost. I'm looking for Battle Toads and
Battle Maniacs. Not Battle Toads Double
Dragon. So, Battlemaniacs is a big one
for me. Ricky, we got to find your
games. There's so much. Also, hey, if we
see a Power Blade, too, by any chance, I
want Blade, too, because we do need that
for the NES set. I I I know where you
can find it. You have Power Blade, too,
dude. I got everything, bro, dude. I got
you, dog. Oh, boy. In the box. Battle
me. Oh, Battle Toads. Battle Maniacs.
What a great freaking game this is. This
might be one of the most nostalgic ones
for me of the bunch. the amount of hours
playing this, the sound effects, my
brothers and I, funny, even back in the
day when we were playing this, like we
knew that the sound effects felt like an
unreal fighting game. Like it had that
oomph, the punch had the feel, the big
cartoonish hands and foot and boots and
everything. The way it all worked
together just made it feel like a true
fighting game. So much to where I kind
of set it as the standard for how beat
him ups should feel. You okay, Gabo? I
want to do the battle.
[Music]
I feel so stupid today.
All right, sir. There you go. You You
have 150 on it. Would you do 140 by any
chance? The $10. I think you have 150 on
it. Yeah. All right. Let's do it. Thank
you so much. I appreciate that.
I just had like a somewhat interesting
thought go through my head, which is not
like the deepest thought, but still a
thought that I want to share. So, the
games that I'm buying, yeah, I'm buying
them CIB, so they are a little bit more
expensive than normal, but I wouldn't
say you have to do that. If you're
looking to buy good games for the Super
Nintendo, this is just a reminder for
myself that like if I wanted these games
loose or found them loose, I would buy
them either way this weekend. It's a
reminder that you can still get some of
the most top tier games that people
aren't always talking about at a good
deal. So, yes, video gaming is getting
expensive. Heck, especially with a lot
of talk around the Switch 2 stuff. Video
games in general, yes, can be expensive.
But there's also still many, many, many
extreme loopholes, you can say, to find
games that are just awesome games. And
hopefully this video kind of brings
light to some of those less popular
games that are obviously not like super
hidden gems, but still you can find some
good in, a lot of good in. Dare I would
say some of my greatest memories.
Dang. Gabo said, "Look at this shirt."
Yeah, I think it gets me, bro.
Wrecking crew 19. Wait, what was the
year you were born? Ricky 84. 84. Ricky,
you need this. Wrecking crew
1984. That's right. We have the sheets
off of our bed. We have them in the
washer. We're going through the game
room. We're cleaning up. It is
springtime. It is time for some spring
cleaning. And with that, I've been super
focused on making sure everything is
super clean and crisp. Did you know that
a 7-year-old mattress can contain more
than 16 million colony forming units of
bacteria per square in? One of the best
ways to ensure that your sleep space is
as fresh as possible is by updating your
mattress, which is why I'm excited to
announce Helix Sleep is the sponsor of
this video. You know, big flex for
myself. I recently turned 40 and a
compliment that I got a lot is, "Hey,
you don't look 40. you don't have bags
under your eyes. I'm telling you, Helix
has a part to play in that. Helix Sleep
makes premium mattresses and bedding
that are customized to fit your needs
and conveniently shipped right to your
door. And Helix just launched a variety
of mattress toppers as well. Helix
offers a sleep solution for everyone.
Helix delivers the mattress right to
your door with free shipping to the US.
And there's 100 night sleep trial test
to test the mattress out and I'm sure
you'll love it. With all the different
options and mattresses, it might seem
overwhelming, but it's simple. You can
just take the Helix sleep quiz. It's
actually pretty fun to take and you
learn a little bit about yourself. For
me, I was matched with the Helix Dusk
Luxe. Again, I've had Helix for a super
long time, and it has done nothing but
wonders for me. I speak highly of it to
all my friends all the time. You got to
check this out yourself. Go to
helix.com/pixelgamequad or you can check
the link down below I got in the
description, pinned, comment, all that.
I'm telling you, Helix wants me to be my
authentic self in this. They're very
free with the way we speak about him. I
appreciate that. Again,
helix.com/pixelgamequad or click the
link down below. Thank you again, Helix.
Y'all change your life. I think, dude, I
just went through this and for some
reason I forgot the ingredient Persia.
It was here. I just No way. I literally
My list is going There's two of them.
Oh my Oh, one's 20. I'll take the 20.
20. Oh my gosh. Prince of Persia. Dude,
you were looking for this one, too. No
way. Oh, hey, that's a good game. I
know. That's a good game. Oh my gosh. I
am so sorry this is happening so quick
on my end, but Prince of Persia, Ricky
found it. It's absolutely fantastic.
It's like a weird eerie feeling as you
would guess from like a Prince of Persia
game, but the way you move. I never know
the style of gameplay when it's like the
trickling walk, the stop, the way the
motion works, jump, grab a ledge, pull
up, kind of mechanical, but so fun. It
has that feel of one of those style
games like a Blackthorn like out of this
world, all of that. But it just has one
of the best feelings and vibes to the
game. You know who's this guy? Who's
that guy? Let me see. Can you guys sign
that? I don't know who that guy is.
Looks He looks kind of gay. Oh, dude.
Your finger. Eddie. Our boy Eddie made
this OneUp Stitch. So, it looks like he
watched the podcast episode. Yeah. Let
me see this one. What's this one? Gabo's
complete NES collection 2024. That's
actually sick. Yeah. Something that you
didn't do yet. I'm almost done, you
idiot. But I going to help you. So, what
is that again? Show me that maybe on
camera. The Mega Man X Nintendo game.
It's a controller, correct? Is that
sealed? Yeah, it's sealed. That one's
sealed. Oh, it's sealed. Holy. Crazy cuz
there's noari or eBay or anything. Yeah.
So, if you can look in there, it's hard
to see. There is a controller in there.
That is absolutely beautiful. Ricky, you
got to come find your game. Ricky hasn't
got I just need Legend of the Mystical
Ninja so bad. I'm looking for Mania.
Bomber Man. Okay. Uh, Final Fight 2.
Wait, Bomber Man 2? I mean, I'll take
that. I mean only but you whatever is
your child. It needs to be a child. I
play both. It's actually with my
brothers and sisters. I would love
playing this with them because I would
annihilate them because they were little
kids.
So Ricky Ricky passed on that Bomberman
2 for now because the label condition.
We want to get something just a little
bit maybe not. I feel like they have
good stuff. I feel like they might have
Legend of the Mystical Ninja. I have the
music core memories of my brothers and I
stopping to play the game to just listen
to it. Not even play, just let it
listen. Let it play out. My brother
always said that Legend of the Mystical
Ninja feels like a fever dream. So, I
want to go home and play it on a
freaking analog with a real
[Music]
controller. Look how freaking cool this
is right here. The Nintendo Happy Meal
pin right there. Just looking gorgeous.
All these Nintendo collector's pins.
What's What was Ricky Holler hat over
here, dude? All that uh old Nintendo uh
You better hide it. What? Where's the
Zelda gloves? Whose Zelda gloves are
those? Um tags, dude. Stop. Whose are
these? John. Oh my gosh. Okay, you put
it back. I want to steal them. If they
fit, I would probably The glove don't
fit. He must not commit for whatever
reason. I don't remember. I'm not going
to discuss any of that. Finally, one of
my favorites. This is one of the games I
used to play the most by myself. Mickey
Mania. I think this was the second game
my mom bought me for my dad. One of the
two. The Mickey games are so good. Oh,
and with Manuel. There you go, Ricky.
Dude, this one's so good. Not going to
lie, it was kind of hard as a kid, but
nowadays could beat in like 10 minutes.
I remember watching a Madonna video as a
kid and it was really hard when I was
watching.
[Music]
And just like that, Ricky got Mickey
Mania.
One more for the Genesis hole
collection. What is it for the hole? A
Street of Rage 2. Look at this. It got
the How do you call this? Hang tab. The
hang tab. All right. I have a real
question for you. Yeah. Which is better,
Final Fighter series or Streets of Rage
series? I have to go with Final Fight
because I never played this before. Oh,
I only played the fourth Street is
surprisingly really good. Which one's
better to you? Which series? Oo, that's
a hard one. Uh, Final Fight because I
play it was more nostalgic. Nostalgia
wise, Final Fight, but I think Streets
of Rage is actually better. Oh, I'm a
Final Fight guy. Hey, uh, you know what?
What? I need to try it here in Arizona.
I didn't try it yet. Oh, let me see. Can
I Can I use this one here? You guys
accept that card?
They're like, "Get out of my boot."
Who's that Pokemon?
It's racism.
Another booth. Another failure. Another
failure. Well, I was I wasn't going to
call it a failure, but okay.
[Music]
I need that figure right there. That
Pokemon figure, the blue one. God, I
always forget his name. I'm like drawing
a blank. Which one? That one? Yep. Oh,
Pokemon. How much is that Pokemon? The
blue one down there that I don't know
the name of or something. The D. Uh,
he's 25. 25.
I might do it, dude. I I have the other
ones. It It'll complete my set. Why am I
doing this?
[Applause]
I'm trying to work out. How much is it?
I don't want you said I'll pay you
30 brown car. I don't think he works
here. I don't think he works here.
Racism. I don't even want to use it.
What the heck is Ricky looking at? Is
that Magikarp?
Ricky, you looking at a Magikarp toy or
something? Dude, this is where Team
Rocket This is Team Rocket's Magikarp. I
got another idea for that thing.
I don't get it. What are you buying
without the camera knowing? I was not
buying without the camera. I was going
to be like, "Hey, Rick, where you at?"
But I guess sure you were. The people
know you better than that. That's true.
All right. What' you buy for real,
though? Uh, that Pokemon SP right there.
So, you bought this? Yep. With a What is
that? A multiart? Multiart. It's a
retell, but still pretty cool. What's
the first game you would play on that?
First game? Uh, Metroid Fusion. It's
actually quite fun. That's a good call.
Yeah, that's a great game. I can't argue
that. Thank you. The best game. Yeah.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
What do we have here? Eddie spaghetti.
Eddie brought some stuff. Dude, did you
bring some stuff to sell? M the Cuphead.
Dude, these are pricey. Cuphead
controller. Eddie, how much they go for?
I've played that game once. About 100.
About 100. But for us, $5. Cool. I was
so excited when he showed this one. And
I was like, "Oh god, that's a clean one,
too." It's a very nice one. Wow.
Piglet's big movie. Well, big game. Big
game. M. This is actually pretty pricey.
What do you think this is worth? Getting
just Minecraft on Switch. This one
probably like 100 bucks. Oh, okay. You
got it.
What?
Let me get $2.50. Cool. Let me get Rick
is going to give you 50 bucks. 61. Gosh.
Oh, yeah. Some Pokemon. Yeah. Some
Pokémon go. I have to get some Pokemon
before everybody else does cuz then I'll
be killed with the Cuphead controller
that we showed earlier. But there's
better That one's modded. It's modded,
dude. That's like $5 right there. Give
me Give me my $5.
Wow. Handheld central. I didn't I
haven't cleaned them, so they're pretty.
Do they work? They all work. And they
all been How many are there? Six of
them. Six of them. They all been reset.
Yeah. Time to go broke, Ricky. What
else? Just I can't really test these
right here. It's like five. You can turn
them on. Dang it. Oh my god. Ricky,
chargers. Chargers. I'm only missing
like two chargers. Two to three
chargers. So, as of right now, all this
is valued at about 1,400 bucks. And that
So, that's value. That's not what you're
paying, right? And you wanted to split
it? Yeah. You want to split it? Sure.
I'll do whatever. But we got to figure
out how much we're going to I say we
kick as a run, dude.
Get it.
Let's go ahead and do All right. What do
you want to do? How much? Eight. 800.
But he's throwing in some freebies.
What? She Game Boy Advance. Yes.
Pokemon.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Starting.
Oh, wait. I'm ref. Oh, look. hungry for
I love it. It's such a rig tradition.
What is that, dude? It's a It's a giant
ash, but you can hear him talking. But
look, giant ash. Catch him.
Oh, is toy number one.
[Music]
As we get closer, I'm starting to land
on the feeling that I might not get
Mystical Ninja. out of all the ones,
that's kind of the one I wanted the most
because when I was talking to my brother
before this video, he was the most
adamant about that one about how it felt
like a fever dream. That's the word he
kept using. I'm really hoping I can get
it scred up before we leave. I only
think we might have a couple more gaming
vendors
left. My my hope is
low, but my light isn't burned out yet.
Could happen. Also, Ricky has been
digging down here for like 20 minutes in
this little pocket, hiding underneath a
table, just going through magazines. He
did it. He did it. He got those games or
those magazines. He did it. He did it.
Oh, nice, Ricky. Nice. All right. Ricky
called me over. I don't know what it was
for. I'm praying that it's Mystical
Ninja or it might just be a game that he
needs. Yes, sir. I found side by side
here. That one. Look. A says I found it.
You'll buy mine, right? Bomberman and
Legend of the Mystical Ninja.
I need this for my superhole collection.
Gab's going to buy us these. Do it. How
much it is? I feel so relieved. 50. I
feel so relieved.
[Music]
Ricky, you you almost completed. How
many What did you have left? Two games.
Yeah, I had two games left. Two or three
games left. Dang. You got close. I got
close. Gaba, what were you going to say?
I I helping getting a deal for that. You
used this brown card. Use the brown
card. The brown card. Nice. Actually, I
need it for my Super Alias whole
collection. I'll sell you for the same
price. 40.
Also, Ricky was just literally gifted
this as I now have some mints in my
mouth. So, I'm sorry about that. I can't
believe the last that was actually the
last booth. I got to take these mints
out. That was actually the last booth
left that had retro video games that we
could stop at. And thanks to Ricky
because he spotted this completing my
funky my weird childhood obsession with
games that just hold a near and dear
place to my heart that aren't always the
most loved. Legend of the Mystical
Ninja, you hold a special place. This is
awesome.
[Music]