Well, that's got to be one of the worst
console showcases I've ever seen. It's
been a while since I made like a gaming
dying style video, and I don't really
talk about Nintendo a lot on this
channel. Believe it or not, I used to be
a huge fan. I grew up with a GameCube
and a Wii. And man, I'm just one of
those people who really loved my
Gamecube. Not as much as my PS2, of
course, but Nintendo had such great
exclusives back then. Super Smash Bros.
Melee, Super Mario Sunshine, Luigi's
Mansion, Pokemon XD: Gale of Darkness,
which is probably still the best Pokemon
game to this day. Kirby Airide, the most
underrated party game that has ever
existed. Oh, and how could I forget one
of my favorite games of all time,
Metroid Prime. And this is all without
getting into third-p partyy exclusives
at the time, like the Resident Evil 1
remake or even Resident Evil 4 for about
a year. And the list goes on. And there
were so many great games I played on my
Gamecube. And yeah, I ended up liking my
Wii as well. Yeah, the whole motion
controls gimmick has aged like milk. And
the exclusive game selection definitely
wasn't quite as strong. Though, I think
Super Mario Galaxy is still one of the
most visually impressive games that has
ever released to this day. And it will
forever stand the test of time, proving
that aesthetics are far more important
than graphic fidelity. Oh, and of course
it also has one of the greatest original
soundtracks in gaming history as well.
And then of course we got the Wii U,
which was the biggest Nintendo bomb
since the Virtual Boy. And I'm not going
to get into that, but I will say I think
people didn't quite give the Wii U a
fair shot. The whole consumer confusion
whether or not it was even a new console
kind of just speaks to how dumb the
average person is. But I will admit that
the game pad was probably an even dumber
gimmick than motion controls. And then
finally, we got to the Switch, which I
have always thought was overrated since
[ __ ] day one. Now, yes, I think
Breath of the Wild is an amazing game.
Honestly, I do. I don't know if I would
think that on a second playthrough
because I think you guys already know by
now how I feel about openw world games.
But the first time playing it, it really
felt like I was playing a very wellp
polished huge sandbox where there was
constantly new exciting things to
discover. Yes, some of the shrines
sucked absolute dick, but I'd say for
the most part, world exploration was
actually kind of exciting. Now,
personally, I hate Super Mario Odyssey,
but I'm not going to get into that right
now. I'll just say that Joseph
Anderson's review pretty much covered
every single problem I had with the
game. It truly took baby game to a new
level. I don't understand why we need to
even further infantilize games that were
already designed for children. Nobody
ever had a problem beating Super Mario
64. or why the hell is Super Mario
Odyssey so [ __ ] condescending and how
frequently and often it rewards the
player for doing literally nothing of
value. And look, I'm not going to give
you a brief history lesson on the past 7
years of the Nintendo Switch, but let's
just say that I wasn't truly impressed
by any game on the console except Breath
of the Wild. Yes, there were quite a few
good games I played. I really liked
Metroid Dread. I thought Shinmagami
Tensei 5 was good. Although Pikmin 4
wasn't exactly what I wanted, I still
liked it as well. But if I had to sum up
the Switch's library, I would say a
third of it was just sequels to
longrunning franchises that didn't
really impress or innovate in any
significant way. Another third was
literal re-releases and ports either
from the Wii U or of current gen console
games, which I have no idea why the hell
you'd want to play significantly
graphically downgraded games that
probably run like [ __ ] just because you
can do it on the go. And the last third
I'm simply going to refer to as weeb
games, which is completely fine. I don't
care if you really like anime games, at
least they have attractive women in
them. But I won't say that most of those
appealed to me personally. So yeah,
obviously I'm not crazy. I can
definitely acknowledge that the Switch
has a better library than say the PS5 or
the Xbox One X, but the bar is so godamn
low at this point. The Switch definitely
did not impress me. Actually, I was
pretty [ __ ] disappointed. If you
think about it, Nintendo completely
cancelled their handheld line and all of
those development studios that normally
made these like bite-size budget fun
games. since I grew up with a [ __ ] ton
of great ones. All of those studios then
were supposed to make games for the
Switch, right? So, you'd think we'd get
like twice as many games since now all
the console exclusives and the handheld
exclusives are combined onto one system,
but that couldn't have been further from
the truth. Now, I know a lot of this is
just due to the fact that games take a
lot longer to make now, and I'm not
going to get into that cuz this video
has nothing to do with that [ __ ] but
no, I don't think the Switch has even as
robust a library as the Wii. Certainly
not like the Nintendo DS. And just
because maybe those games have higher
budgets and better production values
than Wii or DS games doesn't mean
they're actually better games. They
absolutely are not. Honestly, I think
the only Switch title that will be
considered one of the greatest games
ever made in the long run is probably
Breath of the Wild. And if you name
anything else, that just says to me that
you haven't played enough video games,
that you didn't actually grow up with
the Super Nintendo, N64, GameCube.
Because I guarantee you there's an
equivalent game from 20 years ago better
than anything you could name. I don't
care that Smash Bros. has 100
characters. I don't care that Mario
Odyssey lets you turn into random ass
like enemies and use their ability for
some [ __ ] stupid gimmick. I don't
care that Tears of the Kingdom added a
bunch of stupid ass Banjo Kazouie nuts
and bolts mechanics. None of that stuff
actually fundamentally improves the
game. Well, I guess you could make a
case for Smash Bros being better. But
either way, it's not exactly one of my
favorite series anymore. So, you may be
wondering, why am I starting off with
this huge introduction when this is
supposed to be a video about the reveal
of the Switch 2? Well, essentially, this
whole thing is just a setup to show you
that I wasn't exactly impressed by the
Switch One. And so, Nintendo is now
having their huge Disney moment. And
what I mean by that is they're trying to
milk the customer for everything they're
worth. They've got our childhoods by the
balls. They know that we're attached to
their core IPs. And for the most part,
they're no longer interested in making
new ones. They know the type of power
they have over millennials. And now
they're going to test just how willing
the customer is to empty their pockets.
Nintendo truly is the Disney of video
games. The difference is unlike Disney,
Nintendo hasn't made their political
propaganda so blatant just yet. Now, if
you know where to look, you could
certainly see it in Pokemon Scarlet and
Violet. That was some of the most
obvious cases of DEI I've ever seen. And
the Pokémon Company literally has a DEI
page on their website before one of you
morons says something stupid. But for
the most part, they have stayed out of
modern cultural Marxism, wokeness,
whatever you want to call it. But
Nintendo has truly jumped the shark with
the Switch 2. I don't want to repeat the
opinions of what many other YouTubers
have already said, but just know
obviously I agree with them that these
prices are absolutely [ __ ]
ridiculous. But for me, it's not
necessarily about the number itself. I
don't think a $450 console is that
insane. And even though Nintendo has
been known for being the affordable
option until recently, and I'm more mad
about the price hike of physical and
digital games, more because of what it
represents instead of the actual number
itself. Games just got standardized to
$70 like what, $5 years ago? And now
Nintendo seriously expects us to pay $80
for digital, $90 for physical. Well, a
small important correction here. As it
turns out, the whole $90 for physical
thing technically is not confirmed. It's
based on a price conversion from Spain.
So, honestly, there's a pretty good
chance that part isn't actually true.
But regardless, at bare minimum, the
standard price of video games is going
up another $10. Physical is basically
been borderline dead for about a decade
now. And I think this is pretty much
going to kill physical games for good.
Why the hell would you pay 10 extra
dollars for a tiny little case on your
shelf? Yeah, sure, some people will do
that, but given that you're paying $20
more than the standard price of a video
game, yeah, I think people are just
going to stick with digital. Another
thing that people are bringing up is the
fact that Nintendo games very rarely go
on sale, at least the first party ones.
So, it's going to be sticking to that
price for a long time. You can't just be
a patient gamer, wait a year, and then
pick up Donkey Kong for $20. No, that's
just not going to happen. But again,
like I said, it's not necessarily about
the money. I have the money. I can
afford to buy these games and the
consoles, no problem. And I will because
I'm a game reviewer, even though I
probably won't make videos on a lot of
these games cuz most of the people who
come to this channel don't come to see
Nintendo games. Even though I do love
baby games, as people like to call them.
Hell, the Croc Remaster is utter dog
[ __ ] And yet, I was having a great time
playing it. So, I'm sure I'll really
like Donkey Kong Bonanza. But like I
said, it's more about what this
represents. If Nintendo gets away with
this, that means the standard price of
video games for everyone is going to go
up to $80 or $90. Let's say
hypothetically it doesn't because Sony
and Microsoft don't think they can sell
games for that price. Has Nintendo
proved to you, to anyone that their
games are worth $90? As I was just
talking about a couple minutes ago, they
certainly haven't proved it to me. I
definitely was not that impressed with
most of the Switch's exclusives. And
just judging by the gameplay footage
they showed in the presentation, the new
Switch games don't really look any
better than the Switch One games. I
mean, what are they using the new power
of this console for exactly? And it's
not like the Switch 2 really has any
interesting gimmicks except maybe being
able to use a Joy-Con as a mouse. That's
something I would actually use. But
nothing else I really gave a [ __ ] about.
What? You got to buy a special Nintendo
camera peripheral and then use their
discount Discord app, which of course
requires the Nintendo online service
that you got to pay every year for just
to use. And this is Nintendo we're
talking about, so you're probably going
to get banned for saying slurs, likely
using AI in some fashion to detect your
speech. Not to mention the elephant in
the room of all the grooming that no
doubt is going to go on. I wouldn't be
shocked if this turns out to be the
Omega of Nintendo and people just start
flashing their genitals at children. You
know the type of people Nintendo fans
are. Don't even pretend for a [ __ ]
second that I'm pulling this idea out my
ass. Honestly, this just seems like a
horrible idea. I mean, this [ __ ] is a
[ __ ] joke. They even showed in the
enhanced version of Mario Party that it
had like connect functionality with the
stupid ass camera. So now Nintendo's
copying off of Microsoft, which copied
off of them. Not to mention another
thing with the physical games is that
some of these carts don't even have the
[ __ ] game on them. So you're paying
10 extra dollars for some worthless
plastic, which then you just insert the
card in your Switch and then have to
download it online. Anyway, this whole
thing is just [ __ ] ridiculous, man.
And I've heard some people give some
kind of weird excuses for the prices,
saying like, "Well, realistically,
things like free gotcha games are way
more expensive because over the course
of years, you'll probably spend hundreds
if not thousands of dollars if you're a
whale so that you can jerk off to your
favorite [ __ ] ass on screen." Which
again, my counterargument is gota games
are not [ __ ] video games. I don't
really care what these cummers do with
their free time. It's not exactly the
same market. Another excuse is that if
you adjust old game prices for
inflation, video games should actually
cost like $100 or more now. But that
never takes into account if the wages
have inflated at the same rate, which
they haven't. People are [ __ ] poorer
than ever. And again, you guys know I'm
not a socialist or a communist or
whatever the hell, but it doesn't matter
if games should cost
$120 or whatever ridiculous number. The
only thing that matters is the value
proposition to the customer. Yes, you
can deceive people into spending more
money with
microtransactions or shitty copy paste
DLC, the type of stuff we've been seeing
since the PS3 era. But ultimately, they
still have to convince you to buy the
game. I would unironically pay
$100 for a masterpiece because a game
that is truly a 10 out of 10 is
extremely rare these days, no matter
what journalists or shill YouTubers tell
you. I don't think I've played a single
new game released that I'd consider a
masterpiece in the entire time that I've
been making videos on this channel. So,
over 5 years. So, yes, with Nintendo
games, typically you just pay one time
and then you enjoy the game, which is
better than most other AAA releases if
we're being honest. But this [ __ ] is
still scummy no matter which way you try
to spin it. Another good example is that
they're [ __ ] selling you a tech demo
that teaches you the features of the
Switch 2. Yes, it costs money. This is
something that would have been free
software on the Wii. And even if we just
take the presentation itself at face
value, the show was [ __ ] ass. Half of
it was literally just ports or slight
upgrades on older games that they can
sell to you again, though I guess you
pay less money if you get the upgrade.
Oh, and did you guys notice that they
slipped in that the Switch 2 isn't
entirely backwards compatible? It's only
select games. Not that we know what the
full selection is. And to touch on the
wokeness subject again, they're [ __ ]
developing a wheelchair basketball game.
Are you [ __ ] kidding me? This had its
own trailer during the show. So, what
does that leave us with that's actually
exciting from the Switch 2 reveal? Well,
we have Mario Kart World, which I have
to admit does look pretty damn good.
Even though I'm not a fan of sandboxes
in general, the way that it looks like
it's being handled in this game is
really interesting. There's Donkey Kong
Bonanza, which again, I have to admit
does look good. It looks fun. I love
when you can destroy environments in
video games. Though, I hate the new
Donkey Kong design, and I know I'm far
from the only one. I just can't stop
thinking of Seth Rogan's obnoxious
laugh, and I just hate how friendly he
looks now. The rare design was perfect.
Now he just looks like a harmless
goofball. Of course, there's Metroid
Prime 4, but that's also on the Switch
One, so you don't need to buy a Switch 2
for that. And I'll be honest, it really
doesn't look that great. Metroid Prime 1
is in my top 10 favorite games of all
time. But the Metroid Prime 4 footage
just didn't show anything interesting at
all. The psychic gimmick doesn't really
look fun. It was just used to open doors
and shoot a homing shot. Oh, wow. Do we
even know if we can switch beam types in
this one? Because that was my biggest
problem with Prime 3, that they got rid
of the whole switching guns feature,
which made Prime unique in the first
place. And of course, the final
interesting game they showed, which I,
you know, sort of implied that I was
interested in at the beginning, is Kirby
Air Riders. Guys, Kirby Airide 2 was in
my list of games that are never getting
a [ __ ] sequel in a million years. So,
honestly, I am a little excited. I never
thought I could get excited for another
game released, but yeah, I'll be honest,
I am. I actually really wanted that game
to get made. Now, obviously, I'm not
that excited because Dragon's Dogma was
another game I thought would never get a
sequel. And well, you saw how mediocre
that sequel was last year. But between
this game and Okami 2, at least there's
a couple things I'm looking forward to
in the future. The thing is, out of
these four games, only one is actually
releasing on launch day. that being
Mario Kart World, which is also bundled
with the console. Donkey Kong Bonanza is
coming out just a month later, so at
least it's a launch window title. But
Metroid Prime 4 still doesn't even have
a [ __ ] official release date. I can
only assume it's coming out at the end
of this year, unless it gets delayed yet
again. And as a game that was trapped in
development hell for like seven [ __ ]
years because you might remember it was
revealed with the Switch 1. I don't
exactly have high hopes that it's going
to be as good as Prime 1 or two. And
supposedly Kirby Air Riders is also
coming out this year, but we didn't see
any game play. So I wouldn't be
surprised if it gets delayed. And some
of you might be thinking, well, I'm
forgetting a game. That being the From
Software game Dusk Blood, which has to
be the worst title they've come up with
yet. It reminds me of Dustor. And look,
I was as hyped as everyone else when I
thought this was going to be the
unofficial Bloodborne 2. But as it turns
out, it is a
PvPVE game. You know, like Hunt Showdown
or something to that effect. Yeah, I'm
[ __ ] out, dude. I don't care. From
Software had their last harrah with
Elden Ring and Armored Core 6. And it
looks like now their golden years are
finally done and they're going to sink
into the abyss. That is just my
prediction for the future based on Elden
Ring Night Reign. And I'm sure as soon
as influencers get to touch this, we're
going to hear similarly worrying
feedback. I don't think anyone buys From
Software games for a shitty forced
online experience. we play because
they're awesome single player games, or
at least they used to be. I'm kind of
sick of them now, but they're still high
quality at the end of the day. I can
admit that. And another thing, too, that
I'm sure like five people are excited
about is that they're adding GameCube
games to the Switch Online Plus service
or whatever the hell. Have none of you
people ever heard of Dolphin? I
guarantee it's going to [ __ ] run
better than Nintendo's own emulator. And
it's for free, no less. you have to pay
like $50 a year just to play a few
Gamecube games on Switch 2. So, yes, I
realize I'm rambling a bit here, and
there's plenty of other things I could
cover, like the fact that the Switch 2
only comes with 256 GB of storage, which
is pitifully small in this day and age,
especially when you're going to have to
probably download half your games
anyway. But, I think I more or less
covered everything important. I just
wanted to quickly get my thoughts out
here on this. Don't buy a Switch 2 at
launch. Just don't do it. Because if you
do, you're sending Nintendo a message
that it's okay to crank up the price of
video games even further. And yes,
there's probably some people want me to
bring up Trump's tariffs. That $450
price tag applies to everyone. At least,
you know, adjusted for your local
currency, or at least that's what I
thought until I figured out that
apparently it's cheaper in Japan for
some reason by a significant amount. And
yes, because of Trump's tariffs,
pre-orders have been cancelled in the
United States. So, it's very possible
that the Switch 2 could be even more
expensive here, which I'm not going to
get into real politics here. Just know
that I find it hilarious that every
Redditor is now an armchair economist
just because they hate Trump. Either
way, video games are a luxury, not a
necessity. And I don't think the Switch
to itself by any stretch is a necessity,
which was kind of the whole point of
this video. you shouldn't buy it anyway
because there's no [ __ ] point in
buying a modern console at launch. Oh
boy, you get like two games and then
what are you going to do with it? It's
just going to collect dust on your
shelf. Probably like your Switch One or
your Xbox One X or your [ __ ] PS5. And
look, I'm not going to get into a PC
master race rant at the end of this
video, but just know that I absolutely
do about 99% of my gaming on PC these
days. Another thing to consider is the
emulation angle. Now, yes, Nintendo has
been cracking down hard on the emulation
scene, at least with the Switch. Rest in
peace for you, Jinx. But I guarantee
people will find a way to not have to
pay money for these games. This is one
of those times where the consumer
absolutely needs to vote with their
wallet. Nintendo has to be taught a
lesson. They cannot get away with this
because it's going to ruin the rest of
the video game industry. Even if you
personally don't give a flying [ __ ]
about Nintendo, you need to try and
convince other people not to buy this
thing just so that every other game
publisher doesn't want to charge $90 for
their games. This is absolutely just
ridiculous. I know the people defending
Nintendo are kind of just being
contrarians. This is one of those times
where I kind of side with the left, but
you know, for slightly different reasons
because I'm not a communist. Regardless,
you just have to ask yourself if it's
worth the money. And the answer is no.
If you say anything other than no, then
you are a mindless consumer NPC and
there's no hope for you. Just don't buy
the Switch 2. That's all you got to do.
All right, that's about it. See you next
time, guys.